Jimmy Graham a big get for Seahawks. But remember when he ran away from a hit by Kam? Now, practice will toughen him up.
I thought Chip Kelly wanted a Mariota, a QB who can move and run. Foles moves better than Bradford. Now will Bradford be traded?
I said before Sam Bradford's draft I watched every snap he played at OU and never loved him. Accurate w/ time but soft in pocket. Brittle.
I'll say it again: As a lifelong Cowboy fan, I'm overjoyed Chip Kelly is now the primary decision-maker for the Eagles.
If only every day were April Fools in Philly. Chip trades DeSean/LeSean, loses Maclin, Gore, TRADES FOLES FOR BRADFORD. April Fools? Sorry.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/mcNpEMz1Ax
Where will Revis, DeMarco wind up? Eagles, 49ers in trouble? Could KD be traded? Stephen A &amp; I debate. Antonio Cromartie joins us. 10-12E.
I still believe Revis winds up with the Patriots, where he belongs.
As a lifelong Cowboy fan, it's comforting to know the Eagles no longer have DeSean, LeSean or Maclin and that they DO still have Sanchize.
Miami overpaid for Suh, who's now highest paid def player EVER. Is he the leader who turns Dolphins into SBowl contender? No.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/mEIErrclSx
Stephen A and I are BACK 10-12E debating if Eagles better or worse, if Mia overpaid for Suh, if Westbrook MVP, if boxing NEEDS Pacq to win.
TOMORROW: Stephen A and I return 10-12E ESPN2 to debate LeSean, Suh, Revis, Pacquiao blasting Mayweather, LeBron, NBA MVP.
Can't wait for that NBA Finals preview this Thursday night.
Tough to see Tim Duncan play his 1st game in 18 NBA seasons w/o a field goal. But this is his greatness: As long as Spurs win, doesn't care.
FINALLY  Tony Parker is BACK from hamstring pull, attacking, spinning, scoring 32. FINALLY: Full speed ahead for Kawhi, Patty, Spurs.
New Bears decision-makers ship out BMarsh. Cutler next? Would anyone take on that salary? Sad but true: Jets could use him, too.
Great to see Craig Sager back on the job for TNT. You were missed, my man.
Stephen A and I return to First Take on Monday. See you then.
Gut feeling: Vince Wilfork will wind up back with Pats for less money.
Good for Peyton swallowing considerable pride and taking a pay cut so Broncos can surround him w/ better talent. Should've taken even more.
As a Spurs supporter, extremely relieved Ray Allen won't join Doc/Clips (or anyone else) for stretch run.
As a lifelong Cowboy fan, I'm glad Chip Kelly is the head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles.
Glad Cowboys able to lock up Cole Beasley. Valuable piece. Tough little slot receiver. Big-down clutch.
If trade goes through, LeSean will help Rex make a 1st-yr splash in Buffalo. D still will be very good w/o Kiko. Very good trade for Bills.
Lions should let Suh sign elsewhere. As great as he can be, he needs a fresh start and so do the Lions. Spend all that $ in new ways.
I still believe that by July 15, Jerry Jones will sign Dez Bryant to the long-term deal he has earned.
If you missed this, Stephen A says I will eat every word of it: Nope: http://t.co/g6A7OdKMnk
RIP Minnie Minoso. Favorite of mine as a kid. As electric a baseball player as I ever saw. Played with sheer joy.
Marshawn suggesting PCarroll didn't want him to be "face of the nation" by scoring on final play? Pete chose to lose instead? ABSURD.
Unfortunately, Stephen A and I are on vacation this week. Oh, well, I've said enough about LeBron via Twitter.
LeBron James: all-time great passer, defender, basket-attacker  below-average shooter. No clutch gene.
That's an absurd amount of time to be put back on the clock.
MVPs make game-winning free throws.
THANK YOU, LEBRON.
OK, LeBron, you get a chance to redeem yourself. As bad as you've been from the line today, have the guts to shoot the free throws.
The single worst thing LeBron has done throughout his career is pulling up on last-second shots and shooting jumpers - never his strength.
GO TO THE BASKET, LEBRON. YOU WILL GET THAT CALL EVERY TIME. ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS MAKE ONE OF TWO FREE THROWS AND GAME OVER.
As Vandy alum, I believe coach Stallings should've been suspended 1 game. His reprimand far more embarrassing than his player's taunting.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/3gdkcjPZK2
Why Pacquiao will knock out Mayweather: http://t.co/g6A7OdKMnk
Join us 10-12 E with Herm Edwards, ESPN2. Could DRose be back in 3 weeks?
We debate if Vandy coach Stallings should be suspended, if APeterson should be re-instated, if LeBron should be MVP, my Pacquiao column.
Very interested to see if Stephen A. goes prisoner-of-moment and jumps on the LeBron-for-MVP bandwagon at 10 am E, ESPN2.
Predictably, LeBron put on MVP show. Thinks he can win it. But disqualified himself by disengaging, pouting 1st 2 months of season. Sorry.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/1p9I4PcAZS
Is GSt at Cavs a Finals preview? Is Rondo gone in Dallas? Reggie Bush overrated out of USC? Stephen A and I debate 10-12E, ESPN2.
Give me Karl-Anthony Towns (slightly) over Okafor for the No. 1 overall pick. Will be at least as good offensively. Now much better on D.
OKC can go farther in the playoffs with only Westbrook than it went with only Durant.
I'm not writing off OKC if KD can't return. RW has ascended to Another Level. So many nice new pieces. Such a dangerous team.
I'm not writing off the Bulls without DRose  who wasn't often his MVP self this season. This is still a dangerous team.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/VR8eE6M5vA
Stephen A and I about to debate DRose future, if Bulls done, Rondo vs Carlisle, if OKC can win West w/o KD, LBJ and his son. 10-12E ESPN2
In and of itself, a meniscus tear isn't a big deal. But when you're DRose and this is your 3rd knee surgery, it's career-threatening.
What's scary about GoldenSt right now is that its 2nd five is playing better than anyone else's - just like last year's Spurs.
Looks like my Spurs will finish 8th, play Golden St first round. Hard to make a case for SA right now. Playing w/o urgency, intensity, life.
Steph Curry just destroyed John Wall in D.C.  Next up: at Cleveland, very possible NBA Finals preview.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/EZTWSb8Pyb
Also today: Kobe on Kimmel, Marshawn trademark, Coughlin extension, Spurs done? 10-12E, ESPN2
Stephen A and I about to debate ARod's shocking early arrival, if Adrian Peterson winds up in Dallas, if court-storming should be banned.
If OKC stays on a roll w/o KD - and it just might - Westbrook will rise into the MVP race. He's already close. Just ATTACKS every dribble.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/24vE2FJuts
Join the Floyd-Manny debate with me and Stephen A at 10am E, ESPN2.
Also today: We react to scouts blasting Jameis, if KD could be gone, LeBron saying he's not a scorer, Kupchak saying no vets to help Kobe.
Stephen A and I about to debate Pacquiao-Mayweather - why it finally happened and who will win. 10-12E, ESPN2. It is ON.
I said before that draft I'd take Steph Curry No. 1 over Blake Griffin and on First Take everyone said I was nuts. Now Steph is the MVP.
Just shocking that a Popovich team would give up that many easy breakaway baskets in a half - and 62 points. Don't give me backtoback.
Must admit, my Spurs are in trouble. TParker looking chunky, slow. Manu a turnover machine. Last yr.'s spark plug Patty Mills has lost it.
Man oh Manny, it's ACTUALLY HAPPENING.
First Take will be in Las Vegas building up to Pacquiao-Mayweather on May 2 and will be there for its aftermath. CANNOT WAIT.
For 3 yrs Manny offered every compromise to fight Floyd, whose legacy would've been tarnished forever if hadn't quit running and fought.
My only regret is that Manny and Floyd didn't fight five years ago. But five years ago, it would've been even worse for Floyd.
Hey, Floyd, how does 47-1 sound?
Mayweather soon will experience hand speed carrying power like he has never felt. His defensive brilliance/boxing IQ won't be enough.
FINALLY for the 1st time in maybe 4 years Manny Pacquiao can get serious about a fight. All he has wanted for 4-5 years was MAYWEATHER.
WOOOO-HOOOO! Finally! Floyd quit running and got shamed into risking his rep vs Pacquiao. May 2! Floyd Mayweather gets his butt kicked.
Sounds like Adrian Peterson doesn't really want to play for the Vikings again. No doubt the Cowboys are at least on the back of his mind.
The Heat were back in business, then they weren't. God bless you, Chris Bosh. Get well soon.
Mariota is a great young man - who's in part a product of a fast-break attack in which he didn't have to huddle, audible, pure pocket-pass.
Now Jameis has a "shoulder issue"? Some say he lost TOO much weight? All I know is he can throw accurately when the pressure is greatest.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/IXogM0LHqS
Sam Presti acquired 4 nice players. But will they blend quickly? OKC will miss ReggieJax's Harden-like scoring bursts, Perk's toughness.
Thunder excited now about moving unhappy Reggie Jackson. But they'll miss him in playoffs. Scary scorer. See Game 4 at Memphis last yr.
Pat Riley strikes again. Steals Goran Dragic. DWade now healthy. Whiteside a revelation. Bosh! Deng! Who needs that guy in Cleveland?
Stephen A and I debate more bizarre comments from Kevin  Durant and Melo's questionable future 10-12 E ESPN2
Duke's five could beat Kentucky's five. But Duke really has ONLY five. Kentucky has 10.
Duke freshman Tyus Jones: Little man with huge heart and game. Started for HS varsity as 8th-grader. Played "old" tonight.
Just watched a terrific college basketball game played (for once) at an NBA pace. No over-coaching here. Thank you, Roy and K.
I'm highly entertained by John Calipari tearing his team apart after it looked unbeatable at Tennessee.
So Peyton, who's in every other ad on TV, would rather insist on $19 mil he's supposed to make next yr and lose Demaryius &amp;/or Julius?
Happy 52nd, Michael Jordan. Greatest player ever in any sport. My all-time favorite athlete, edging Ali.
Why wouldn't Kobe or Peyton, entering probable final season, offer to play for free to maximize supporting cast and final ring shot?
I do not think Amare will make much of a difference for the Dallas Mavericks.
Tomorrow: First Take is live from Duke 10-12 am E, ESPN2, ahead of Duke-North Carolina tomorrow night. See you there.
Thanks to the many UNC students who braved ice and snow to join us today in Chapel Hill. Enjoyed meeting so many of you post-show.
Sorry this is late  today's podcast:  http://t.co/ow9XqJsMx0
RIP Lesley Gore. Younger followers won't know her. Rare voice. "You Don't Own Me" before it's time.
If possible, I gained even more respect for Steph Curry's game and his character over All-Star Weekend. Rooting for him to win MVP.
I STILL do not think Floyd May (Or May Not) weather will fight Pacquiao. 50 Cent says he's scared to death of Manny. Exactly.
Westbrook winning All-Star MVP can't help Thunder. More than ever, he'll think he's The Man, THE scorer for that team. Good luck, KD.
KDurant keeps battling identity crisis. Nice! Not nice! Now attacks media that voted him MVP?! Says we don't know (nuthin')? Weird.
If you missed last wk's column on how 3-point line has revolutionized the NBA last few years: http://t.co/EQVc4Mf4EE
Last night, All-Star Game record for 3-pt attempts broken by 33 and makes by 18. 51% of shots taken were 3s! NBA has gone 3 crazy.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/G5DdMqJxLh
Stephen A and I about to debate Westbrook MVP, Durant's rants, LeBron on Dunk Contest, Mayweather's latest, Harbaugh claim. 10-12E, ESPN2.
Westbrook took a mere 12 more shots than any teammate. MVP!
Harden had a more impressive stat line than Westbrook, but Westbrook unfortunately will win MVP with 41 points (and one assist).
How is Carmelo going to justify shutting it down to Knicks season-ticket holders after playing so much in this All-Star game?
Beautiful fallaway jumper by Westbrook, hitting nothing but  nothing.
Would Steve Kerr please get Tim Duncan out of the game! Oh, yeah, the Spurs play at the Warriors this Friday night.
Kyle Lowry has played the most minutes of any player on either team. Thanks to Justin Bieber?
Russell Westbrook has now taken 10 more shots than any teammate and nine more than LeBron. No surprise.
Shot of the night by Steph Curry. Not just the game's best shooter. So many skills - and leads league in steals.
LeBron says he's now "over the hill" for the Slam Dunk Contest, but he sure didn't look like it on that lob slam. Always scared to do it.
"Point guard" Russell Westbrook just scored 27 points in just 11 minutes  with, of course, zero assists.
This night isn't the same without Kobe Bryant.
I love the NBA. What a celebration of the game this weekend has been.
Oh, well  great start by Oladipo (especially singing NY, NY). But this Slam Dunk Contest belongs to Zach LaVine, who can sky.
LaVine got Oladipo in Rd 2, though his two-round perfect score from the 5 judges (100 points) is a little by default. Not much competition.
Way to go, Clyde and Dr.
I dare one judge to hold up a different score than the other four. Come on, Clyde, be yourself!
Spectacular between-the-legs from Zach LaVine, but I give Oladipo slight edge.
Are the judges going to confer and give the same scores on every dunk? Think for yourself, gentlemen!
LOVE Oladipo singing New York, New York, then stealing the show with a 360. 10!
I can't remember being less excited about a Slam Dunk Contest.
LeBron James STILL hasn't had the guts to participate in a single Slam Dunk Contest.
As I said yesterday, this is just Steph's year.
Steph Curry: Smoothest, sweetest shooter ever there was.
Good for Patrick Beverly, coming from behind again and again. Story of his life. Man has guts.
I've always said: Chris Bosh is an underrated CLUTCH long-distance shooter.
Can't wait for tonight's Three Point Contest, the showcase shootout.
No way Spurs would've dominated NBA last 4 years w/o 3-point line, no way TDuncan would still be playing. Now: best teams best 3 shooters.
Thanks for huge reaction to my "4-point line" column. The 3 changed everything: http://t.co/EQVc4Mf4EE
Thanks to everyone who braved brutal cold to join us in NYC this morning. Enjoyed meeting so many of you afterward. Appreciate you all.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/F8x74b19lt
Shameful nobody affiliated with the Eagles caught Riley Cooper being featured on Black History Month of the team calendar.
Mike McCarthy making a big mistake relinquishing play-calling. He just might be NFL's best. Weakened GBay's strength for D, special teams?
Thanks to Fabolous, Nelly and the hardest working man in show business, Kevin Hart, for joining us in NYC today. Three huge talents.
I'm hanging with preseason predictions, though don't love way Spurs have played so far: San Antonio over Cleveland.
My MVP right now: Steph slightly over Harden. Slightly better from 3. Better assists. Leads NBA in steals, though Harden third.
For once I'm much more excited by Sat nite's Three Point Contest than Slam Dunk. My winner: Steph. Just seems like this is his year.
Why I came to love "clown shot" 3-pointers and now want an NBA 4-point line: http://t.co/EQVc4Mf4EE
We're live at Celsius in New York City today for All-star Weekend debating LeBron - DRose ... and Riley Cooper. 10-12 English ESPN2.
Kyrie probably thinking right now, "What was up with THAT, LeBron?" Kyrie often had to watch LeBron either jack it up or throw it away.
Most solid game DRose has played since his return. 30 pts on 12-24. 7 assists to only 2 turnovers. Bulls will go as far as he takes 'em.
Sorriest game LeBron has played since return. Went solo, often out of control. 8 turnovers, only 4 assts. 2-9 from 3. So not like him.
No way baseball should ever re-instate Pete Rose, not after the ways he shamed the game and threatened its integrity and credibility.
Saving my MVP for tomorrow when we're at Celsius restaurant in New York City 10-12E. Kevin Hart, Nelly, Fabolous, NBA stars. JOIN US!
As a Spurs supporter, team that now scares me most is - here we go again - OKC, which is one foot from Finals (Durant's foot).
The Bulls badly need to beat Cavs in Chi tonite (slready lost to 'em twice) and I don't think they will.
On stats alone, DeAndre Jordan belongs on A-S Team over Tim Duncan. But if these 2 meet in the playoffs, I'll STILL take Duncan.
I now get the feeling Tiger is more interested in spending time w/ 7-yr-old daughter &amp; 6-yr-old son than fixing his game and I applaud that.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/IEtPAGDtAs
Stephen A and I debate Tiger "taking a break," Jackie Robinson LL controversy, if Pete Rose should be allowed in Hall now. 10-12E ESPN2.
Athletes say what do you know, you didn't play. Wake up! Many team builders in NBA, NFL, MLB did not play.
SIGN DEZ.  DeMarco would be nice but give Dez his Megatron $. No franchise tag. If not DeMarco, Adrian Peterson at 30 for year or 2.
If Peyton is healthy and Denver ends up not wanting him, bet you Texans, Bills, Rams, Titans would strongly consider him, even for one year.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/ZqNO6xyJZr
Also today: Mel's mock and why Floyd keeps running from Pacquiao.
What's Kevin Love saying? Broncos don't want Peyton? Dez or DeMarco or Adrian Peterson? Barkley vs. Rockets! We debate 10-12 E, ESPN2
Kevin Love says not sure what to make of LeBron tweet that seemed aimed at him. LeBron keeps changing tune about it. Wish he'd just own it.
As great a teacher/strategist as Popovich is, R.C.Buford, NBA's best GM, stole Manu bottom 2nd rd, TParker bottom of 1st, Kawhi at No. 15.
Best coach still coaching is Larry Brown. Nobody has ever done more with less, pro and college. Mentor to Popovich at Kansas.
Goodell should suspend Greg Hardy AT LEAST 8 more games (another half a season), this time without pay.
I just don't know what RG3 is thinking any more and my doubts continue to increase he'll ever be the star he was as a rookie of year.
Today's podcast featuring Magic: http://t.co/yKNRZLLrxZ
Today: Magic Johnson joins us 1030-1130. We also debate Greg Hardy, RG3, Jerry Rice cheating, Dolan skating, Pop greatest? 10-12E, ESPN2.
Tomorrow: Magic Johnson joins us from 10:30-11:30 E. He once called me the Michael Jordan of debaters. So Stephen A. is Scottie Pippen?
Congrats to Gregg Popovich on 1,000th win. I don't always agree w/ his strange ways. But his players believe in him times 1,000.
Marco Belinelli, reigning 3-point shootout champ, steps inside 3, swishes a 2 to beat Pacers in Indy as Spurs come from 14 down after 3.
We also debate Richie Incognito signing w/ Rex, DCousins rant, Clippers' demise and discuss Dean Smith legacy. 10-12E, ESPN2.
If you're snowed in, join Stephen A and me live from Bristol as we debate LeBron's tweet to KLove. Mike McCarthy being scapegoated in GB.
Tony Parker, who has been sidelined by hamstring, needs to lose 8-10 pounds and regain his quickness if Spurs going to take off.
Hate to admit this, but though he's having yet another All-Star season, Tim Duncan just got bullied by Raps in Toronto. No 1,000th for Pop.
A week ago right now who could've imagined unknown undrafted rookie Malcolm Butler would present at the Grammys? He just did, Seattle.
RIP Billy Casper. Most unheralded great player in golf history. Overshadowed by Jack/Arnie charisma. Childhood favorite of mine.
RIP Dean Smith. Fitting first name. Long considered a Dean of coaches in all sports. Class, character, consistency. Good Godly man.
Atl wins 3-pt shooting contest w/ GSt 15-12 but real diff was FTs: 33-37 for Atl to just 10-15 for visitors. Atl better TEAM than GSt.
Who knew in November tonight's GoldenState@Atl would be the NBA's Game of he Year so far?
I'd like to think Dan Snyder left RG3 out of fan letter to reduce expectations even more so he can try to find himself w/ no pressure.
CP3 crazy competitive. Despite being prez of players assn and Chris/Cliff ads, plays on edge, sometimes over it. Occasional cheap shots.
Maybe CP3's frustration fueled by call on him this ref missed on Jan. 11 as Clips lost at home to Heat. Called for tripping when did not.
CP3 shouldn't have publicly questioned whether a rookie ref (of any gender) belongs in the NBA. Knows better. Must be fined significantly.
CP3 deserved tech. Ref handled in-bounds play correctly, on time. He was frustrated (down 23 on TNT), can be hotheaded. Said something. T.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/7jFIRQ2oQw
We react to Chris Paul vs female ref and Clippers implosion. 10-12E ESPN2
Nice shot of LeBron and Kyrie kidding with each other on the bench. Maybe gaining respect for each other, becoming friends?
I'll say what been I've saying for several years: STILL don't believe in Clippers' basketball character and toughness.
I campaigned for years for Charles Haley to get in HofFame. But I never liked him or his opinions &amp; calling Brady a cheater is just wrong.
The more I see the Malcolm Butler play, the greater it gets. If you picked Seattle and hate Patriots, you're surely blind to that.
Imagine Steph Curry showing up one day and suddenly couldn't come close to making a three. That's Tiger, once greatest chipper ever.
In individual vacuums, Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant are rare offensive forces. Just not sure they can be a championship duo.
Still believe Steph/Klay's kryptonite is San Antonio and Warriors could have to deal with Spurs in the first round.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/1KVa7pg6vl
Join the debate with Stephen A and me 10-12 ESPN2.
Today 10-12E: Can Steph carry GS to Finals? Can Westbrook/KD win big together? Is Tiger mentally shot? Mariota to Jets? Snoop's son UCLA???
Just watched Westbrook DESTROY Pelicans in N.O. w/ 45 (on 31 shots) - which won't make it any easier for KD to blend w/ RW when returns.
I can't believe Julian Edelman passed concussion test and didn't miss a snap. Key to Pats' victory.
Game-turning play was 3rd&amp;14 from NE 28 to Edelman. Kam rocked him but KAM also woozy. Sent message to Legion: Minitron just as tough.
Was PCarroll decision REALLY that awful? Season-long stats show slightly better to pass than run from 1. Marshawn 1 TD in 5 tries this yr.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/DOoDJ2Uxvk
Julian Edelman was just too quick and tough for the Legion of Boom.
Had pretty good NFL season. Had Cowboys winning division. Had Seattle over NE in August, then flipped Friday b/c this became Brady's year.
I said few weeks ago on 1st Take that Manziel has a problem and I'm proud of him for going to rehab. He can still be GREAT on/off field.
Seattle wouldn't have had chance to run Marshawn for win w/o 2nd luckiest play in SBowl history, crazy Kearse catch. Eli-to-Tyree luckiest.
Incredible: Malcolm Butler didn't play vs Ravens, thrown into SBowl b/c Arrington getting burned, constantly targeted, saved game.
As much as I respect Seahawks, find them hard to root for. Many cases in point last night. But did appreciate Sherman shaking Brady's hand.
Pete Carroll, like his team, can get arrogant, full of self. His QB outplayed Peyton last yr, wanted him to out-Brady Brady w/ late TD pass.
Brady now has 4 4th-q game-winning SBowl drives. 4 rings, 2 close, unlucky SB losses. I'm in awe of Montana. But now: Brady&gt;Montana.
Coming from 10 down against THAT defense? Greatest 4th quarter of Tom Brady's career, 97 QBR on scale of 100.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/GvIMjcusS0
Will Stephen A apologize to Brady and Edelman? I'm about to unleash 10-12 E ESPN2.
Pound for pound Julian Edelman is as tough as any man in the NFL, even those in the Seattle secondary.
I cannot wait to see Stephen A. Smith's face at 10 a.m. E, ESPN2. He predicted Brady would "get his chest caved in" by Seahawks.
Thank you, Darrell Bevell, for choosing to let Russell Wilson throw it instead of letting Marshawn beast it.
Let this sink in: Tom Brady just threw for 328 yards and 4 touchdowns against one of the greatest defenses ever.
You mad, bro?
How does it feel to be deflated, Seattle?
Greatest Super Bowl finish EVER.
Malcolm Butler, I love you, man.
Seattle D showing you what it's really made of right now.
The Super Bowl gods owed that one to Tom Brady, Super Bowl MVP.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tyree all over.
Pats D: Exorcise the Tyree demons in a Phoenix Super Bowl with one big play.
Helmet to helmet! 15 yards on Chancellor!
Haven't seen much Psycho Tom from Brady. Come on, 12, get MAD.
Starting to feel like Pats blew this game in final 31 seconds of first half.
Revis ran into ref, or vice versa.
Not a bad throw by Brady, just a very good play by BWagner.
This is not good. Patriots, teetering.
Chris Matthews: Most secret weapon in Super Bowl history.
Chris Matthews is turning into David Tyree.
This game will come down to the will of Tom Brady vs. the will of Russell Wilson. I never count out Wilson but still give edge to Brady.
Un  be  lievable breakdowns by NE defense. Took foot off gas, already in locker room with 14-7 halftime lead.
Gronk single covered by linebacker: Feast Mode.
So the Seahawks get back in the game thanks to a pass to the unknown 6-5 guy who recovered the onside that saved the GBay game.
Took every angry ounce of Beast Mode to score that TD.
Brady is starting to pick battered Seahawks secondary to pieces.
Terrible decision by Brady. Threw away three points.
Clearly should've been a 15-yard penalty and 1st down. HOW WAS THAT MISSED? This is the SUPER BOWL.
Here  we  GO.
Brady looks like he's already gone into his split big-game personality, Psycho Tom.
I have never been more keyed up before a Super Bowl.
Congrats to Charles Haley, FINALLY being allowed in the Hall of Fame. Punished for years b/c treated media and SF management w/ no respect.
If the Cowboys hadn't suffered the Crime of the Century, they'd be playing the Patriots right now. That was a CATCH.
I believe you'll see best of Brady tomorrow - Psycho Tom, playing possessed vs all-time great D, driven by Deflategate/Seahawks' trash talk.
Kam bangs up knee near end of Friday practice. Reportedly no big deal. But now he, Earl Thomas and Sherman have injury issues. Can't help.
Now Tiger Woods at 39 has the chip yips, shot 44 on 1st 9 today, yet media still covers him like he's on verge of turning back into TIGER.
All I know for sure is this is the most intriguing Super Bowl matchup I can ever remember. Can't wait for kickoff.
Readily admit picking Patriots is heart over head.
I had Seattle over NE before season but switched b/c must admit just don't like Seahawks' attitude. Respect 'em, just can't root for 'em
Brady's key target will be Minitron, Julian Edelman, who will catch lots of little zone-busting throws and withstand the punishment.
Tom Brady will be Super Bowl MVP, make 1 more play than Russell Wilson, NE will upset Seattle 21-20. Vegas made Hawks favorites by 2.5.
Seattle is a little better team than NE, more physical, superior run game. But Brady has been on helmet-butting mission to win this SBowl.
If you missed this, please agree/disagree: http://t.co/57LxMX7g6y
Today's podcast: http://t.co/48N9VGD1vQ
My heart says Pats but my head keeps saying Seahawks (my preseason pick over NE). Extremely conflicted. Must decide by 10am E tomorrow.
Thanks to all who packed our McCormick Hotel set for 1st Take today and set decibel records. Back tomorrow for ONE LAST BIG SHOW. Join us!
I've missed sparring with Terrell Suggs on 1st Take. He was more funny than angry today but still got in his jabs at Brady and Pats.
Huge debate over this but know I'm right about Brady&gt;Belichick: http://t.co/57LxMX7g6y
Today's podcast: http://t.co/qcoVrawpKD
What a night for Kyrie - 55! 11-19 3s! But how much tougher will this make blending with LeBron when he returns from wrist injury?
We're back at the McCormick Hotel in Scottsdale tomorrow 8-10 Mt. (10-12E) ESPN2. Crowds have been AWESOME. Join us!
Floyd so fearful of Pacquiao he had to sit down, talk 1-on-1 w/ him, look him in eye, try to convince himself he can beat this man?
Marshawn Lynch is dominating Super Bowl Week media coverage by refusing to speak to the media.
Why Brady has been far more valuable than Belichick: http://t.co/57LxMX7g6y
Before the season I had Seattle over New England in SBowl. Will decide by Friday if I'll stick with that outcome.
For 2nd straight year, public has bet Seahawks' SBowl opponent from underdog to favorite. Motivational advantage: PETE CARROLL.
NFL could've gotten to bottom of Deflategate last wk. But obviously wants it to disappear onto back burner until after Super Bowl.
Video showing locker-room attendant moving balls from 1 room to another is laughable. NOT AGAINST RULES. Many teams move them. Proves zero.
As I said from Day 1, Deflategate ultimately will be pinned on an overzealous locker-room attendant or asst. equipment guy.
BrandonBrowner is giving the Pats something the Broncos lacked before last SBowl. Some made-in-Seattle attitude, a little LOB of their own.
THANKS TO ALL WHO CAME OUT TO THE MCCORMICK HOTEL IN SCOTTSDALE FOR FIRST TAKE THE LAST 2 DAYS. JUST AWESOME. BACK TOMORROW. SEE YOU THEN.
Today's podcast from Phoenix: http://t.co/jl4JZkSglO
We react to Robert Kraft's blast and the "person of interest" video. Live from Phoenix 10-12 E ESPN2. Will be crazy.
Congrats to crowd at the McCormick Hotel in Scottsdale for RAISING THE ROOF this morning. We're back tomorrow 8-10 Mt (10-12E) ESPN2.
Today's podcast from Phoenix: http://t.co/MFhKrwmlvI
We're at the McCormick Hotel in Scottsdale this morning debating Deflategate investigation and Richard Sherman blast at Goodell&amp;Kraft.
Maybe some think this Pro Bowl draft has made it more interesting. But I'm an NFC vs AFC guy. Don't want real teammates vs teammates.
First Take will be at the McCormick Hotel in Scottsdale tomorrow thru Friday for SBowl Week here in Phoenix. JOIN US. Will be crazy.
Cavs trade (clearing decks of Waiters, adding Mozgov's length, JR's explosiveness, Shumpert's D) starting to look like a season-changer.
LeBron finally started looking like LeBron today. KD brought out best in him.
Congrats to Coach K for No. 1,000. Still looks like he could coach another decade, if not longer.
Belichick calls press conf, insists he/team did zero wrong. But hard to take as seriously when made bizarre "My Cousin Vinny" reference.
Just heard the great Jimi Hendrix singing, "Let me stand next to your fire." Thought of Klay Thompson.
It is beyond comprehension a 2 guard could score 37 in 1 quarter. I'm in awe, Klay Thompson. No one has gone wherever you just went.
RIP Ernie Banks, Mr. Cub. No one ever loved playing baseball more than this man did.
When Kobe tears his rotator cuff merely dunking the basketball, Father Time is tapping him on the shoulder.
In other news Jeremy Lane says Gronk just isn't that good. Note to Seahawks: These aren't last yr.'s Broncos you're trying to intimidate.
Shocking: the NFL says its investigation of the under-inflated footballs is "ongoing."
How naive was NFL to allow teams to keep balls after they're approved by refs 2 HOURS BEFORE GAMES? If refs keep them, no funny business.
Ball-pressure rule has long been "wink-wink." Lots of QBs violated it. But now Colts have called foul on notorious Pats in AFC title game.
Why nothing yet from NFL? B/c it has allowed such leeway in letting QBs prep balls, been so lax in enforcement of pre-game pressure limits.
If Belichick or Brady had fessed up and apologized, they risked getting suspended for the Super Bowl.
I believe Belichick was so convincing and Brady so unconvincing yesterday b/c the coach is much more experienced at dodging the truth.
My opinion: If Pats have consistently deflated footballs for years it's b/c Belichick knew Brady preferred this and ordered it.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/k5Mdehe3sl
10-12E: Stephen A and I debate what we now believe about Brady/Belichick and why the NFL hasn't said a thing yet. I can't WAIT for this.
You have to believe some ballboy or asst equipment manager will take the fall for this.
It should be strongly noted that Brady, throwing legally inflated footballs, went 9 for 9 to open a 2nd half the Pats won 28-0.
I'm not sure I believe either one of them.
So we're to believe a Belichick known for his all-time great attention to detail never talked to Brady about how he prefers his footballs?
Today's podcast: http://t.co/UnK2DyIyuq
Stephen A and I react to Belichick press conference 10-12E ESPN2
For the record: Brady threw 2 shockingly awful deep balls vs Indy, under-throws caught by Vereen and Edelman. No advantage then.
It's laughable to think Patriots should forfeit an AFC title game they won 45-7.
If Belichick knew, Pats should at least lose this year's first-round pick. Have to think he knew.
Sorry a little late with today's podcast: http://t.co/botNz7Ra8L
How should Pats be punished?  Stephen A and I debste. 10-12E ESPN2
What the Atlanta Hawks are very quietly doing - winning 25 of last 27 - is no fluke. You'd better believe they can win the East.
Here's hoping Brandon Bostick can rise above the split-second mistake he made on that onside and not let it haunt him the rest of life.
Aaron Rodgers now 6-5 in playoffs - 1-1 in NFC title games w/ just 1 TD pass to 4 interceptions. And he's on way to becoming greatest ever?
Russell Wilson will never be a FantasyFootball star. Just 5 of his 55 games 300+ passing. But he's 43-12. He becoming a great QB.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/7FVUY7Ca5A
Stephen A and I about to debate Russell Wilson's greatness, DROSE blast, Pats "cheating" legacy and who's NBA favorite. 10-12E ESPN2
In case you're interested, this is what I wrote after Pats lost 41-14 on MNF at KC to fall to 2-2: http://t.co/W6SZ9vvVYx
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/pYTn41dbPA
Stephen A and I about to debate The Games.  10-12 E ESPN2
Now maybe Patriots can get some revenge for what happened last time they played at UofPhoenix Stadium: Eli's lucky pass upset 'em in SBowl.
Tom Brady, who's STILL the NFL's best quarterback, sure has made a great coach out of Bill Belichick.
Guarantee you Tom Brady will not be afraid to throw it Richard Sherman's way.
Guarantee you Tom Brady's team won't get embarrassed in the Super Bowl the way Peyton Manning's team was last year.
As I predicted before the season: New England vs Seattle in the Super Bowl.
OK, Belichick wanted Brady to get a trot-off ovation.
No idea why Brady's still in the game.
Andrew Luck has now thrown 12 interceptions in 6 playoff games. Also had NFL's 2nd most turnovers this season. But hey, he's GREAT!
I am LOVING this.
Slick call. At least they couldn't pass interfere with a wide-open left tackle.
Just have a feeling it's going to be long, hard 2nd half for Pats. But  in Tom I trust.
Pats convert 6 of 9 on 3rd/4th down, keep ball 5 more minutes, lead only by 10. Colts have to feel pretty good.
Colts defenders had hands all over the receivers before the ball arrived on the last THREE plays.
That was PASS INTERFERENCE on both of the last two plays. Call it!
Wilfork missed connecting w/ elbow, though intent there. Still, shouldn't have been called.
Would have taken perfect throw but Brady had Gronk for the 21-0 TD. Throw slightly behind. INT. 2 questionable NE penalties: 14-7. Game on.
Now Seahawks' biggest issue for Super Bowl is the friendly fire from Kam that injured Richard Sherman's shoulder. How bad is it?
What a game-saving gamble Pete Carroll took on fake field - an on-the-run punter lofting TD pass to long-snapper/DE.
Not sure why Brandon Bostick, undrafted out of Newberry w/ 2 catches all year, was on Green Bay's "hands" team vs onside.
That poor kid Brandon Bostick who muffed the onside will go down, down in Packers history as the reason Green Bay missed 2015 Super Bowl.
Great shot of Russell Wilson crying with stunned joy.
What an all-time amazing turnaround of a game by Russell Wilson: goat to hero.
What a weird great game. Feels like Seattle played its worst game in 3 years and nearly won.
That was so close to being blocked - and such a clutch kick by Mason Crosby.
That's two drops by Kearse that cost Russell Wilson interceptions.
Seahawks need just one big explosive play.
Maybe Seattle should give Jon Ryan a series at quarterback.
Finally: ARodg SACKED.
Great desperation call by Pete Carroll. Great execution on the TD throw and catch by 2 guys who don't throw and catch.
Agree with Howie Long: Russell Wilson looked like he could be concussed by that blindside cheap shot by Clay Matthews.
I can't image the Seattle Seahawks playing much if any worse for a half.
Green Bay is making Seattle feel the way Seattle made Denver feel in last year's Super Bowl.
That looked like offensive interference.
That Russell Wilson interception very well might have lost the game for the Seahawks.
If you'd told me Aaron Rodgers would throw two INTs in the first quarter and 4 or so minutes, no way I'd have believed GBay, 16-0.
What a terrible decision and throw by Russell Wilson.
Now Earl Thomas, heart/soul of this defense, looks to have hurt his shoulder. This is starting to feel not-meant-to-be for Seahawks.
That was a killer ticky-tack penalty on Avril.
No pass rush, no shot, Seahawks.
Unreal: The defending champs are playing so shockingly poorly at home they're now in danger of getting blown out.
Shocking so far how much time Seattle rush is giving ARodg.
Two four-point wins for Seattle's D over ARodg, who missed Jordy for the TD.
Not AGAIN. Seattle's offense isn't explosive enough to overcome much of two-gift deficit.
Uh-oh. That's the kind of break upon which upsets are built. Kearse has to catch that.
What a bad idea and bad throw by ARodg. Richard Sherman says thank you.
The Dallas Cowboys should be playing in Seattle right now. That was A CATCH. #CrimeOfTheCentury.
I'm sticking with my preseason Super Bowl picks, Seattle and New England.
No pressure, low to no expectation on Andrew Luck at Foxboro. Has lost badly all 3 times to Brady/Belichick. What a great spot for him.
Funny, Stephen A says ARodg on way to becoming greatest QB EVER, yet he's picking Seattle &amp; experts say Eddie Lacy key to GB upset. Huh?
Go, Seahawks.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/JiaZ1ZWuT8
10-12 E: We debate LeBron-Kobe, Cardale's shocker, Doc trading for son, NFL games. Will Stephen A have the guts to pick that baaaad man?
Cardale is handling this press conference so beautifully that his future draft stock is surely rising, as long as keeps improving on field.
I don't agree w/ Cardale's decision to return to OhSt but the reasons he's giving right now are EXTREMELY THOUGHTFUL AND COMPELLING.
Cardale should GO. Would be a 2nd round pick, maybe even late 1st.
With that Buffalo D, Rex will "bully" AFC East offenses. But Rex's new offense also will get bullied.
You never know how coordinators will do as head coaches, but gut feeling, Todd Bowles will make an even better commander than coordinator.
I'm sorry, I cannot believe somebody named Jim Tomsula - or is it Tom Jimsula? - is now head coach of the storied San Francisco 49ers.
R-E-L-A-X, Packer fans, it's just Richard Sherman and Co. on the road, where Aaron Rodgers and Co. went 4-4. No sweat.
So far, buy his standards, LeBron's performance this yr has been embarrassing. Disengaged early. Took rehab vaca to Miami &amp; OhSt title game.
Cavs should fire Blatt now, eliminate LeBron's excuse, motivate him to do what he should and can: LEAD THIS TEAM.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/4TKGBytSzJ
Deep down, even Packer fans know  that was A CATCH.
I can't quite understand how Pacquiao can agree to terms with an opponent who doesn't even want to fight him. Run, Floyd, run.
Stephen A and I are off tomorrow but we return Thursday and Friday 10-12 E, ESPN2.
Thanks to the sensational crowds we had for 7 straight 2-hour shows in the great city of Dallas. Love you all, Cowboy lovers and haters.
4 teams that would be very intrigued by Cardale as 2-year project: Broncos, Giants, Saints, Chargers.
Cardale Jones should turn pro. Upside so huge some team needing QB in couple years might risk a 2nd-rounder, maybe even late 1st.
Aaron Rodgers loses much of his Lambeau swagger on the road, where GBay went 4-4 and his QBR was only 70. Good luck in Seattle.
The Cowboys should be playing in Seattle this Sunday, where they'd have a better chance than the Packers.
That was A CATCH.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/8fGDriPIby
How high could Cardale go in this draft? Will ARodg throw at Sherman? Does Peyton choke? 10-12 E ESPN2
One more big show at Gillys Dallas today 9-11 Central,  10-12 E ESPN2.
Stephen A and I debate this game starting two minutes after it's over, on ESPN2. Join us!
I doubted Oregon all season. Should've doubted 'em tonight, even as 7-point favorites.
Cardale Jones sure looks like a first-round pick to me. So does Ezekiel, even in an NFL that has devalued running backs.
Armstead limps off, Ducks front is battered, worn down. Now, turnover only hope.
Not sure why Ohio State just doesn't run Zeke and Cardale every play and forget about throwing. Oregon cannot stop this. Punishment.
Cardale, OhSt offense suddenly turning into Accident Waiting to Happen at the home of the Cowboys.
Game-changing throw from Mariota. Nearly game-changing blunder by Byron Marshall.
Now this is teetering on a blowout.
Right now it's feeling like Cardale, Zeke, OhSt O line going to be too much for Oregon, unless Buckeyes keep turning it over.
Baylis is back!
For such a big man, Cardale Jones can ACCELERATE.
The great-named Baylis limps off. Now Ducks in big trouble.
Now Ohio St's offense looks like Oregon's.
Down 2 of their best, Oregon receivers playing tight under brightest lights, 2 big drops.
The more I watch Ezekiel Elliott, the more impressed I am by his 6-2, 225 pounds of swivel and power.
11 days to get ready for Oregon offense and Buckeyes still didn't look like they knew what hit 'em.
Tonight on ESPN2 right after the championship game: Stephen A and I debate the outcome for about an hour and a half. Check us out!
Oregon/OhioSt fans: We're back at Gilley's Dallas 1 more day tomorrow 9-11 Central (10-12E, ESPN2). Join us! You too Cowboy fans.
I've doubted Oregon all season. Yet 6 or 7 pt favorite tonite. OK, going w/ Mariota and oddsmakers. Ducks 30-28. X Factor: TE Evan Baylis.
In 3 seasons since Indy dumped him, Peyton has taken Denver to the AFC's 1, 1 and 2 seeds. Has been playing w/ torn quad. HE'S NOT DONE.
As a lifelong Cowboy fan, I still haven't recovered from the Ice Bowl and I doubt I'll ever get over yesterday. Crime of the Century.
If catch had been allowed, I believe Dallas would've won. Dez Xing! Bench going nuts! Defense fired back up! Pressure back on ARodg.
Silly me, the moment Dez came down w/ ball I was thinking replay only because I THOUGHT HE MIGHT HAVE SCORED.
I believe NFL was so embarrassed by picked-up flag play that it just couldn't give Dallas another call, even though knew this was a CATCH.
Don't let NFL brainwash you w/ "The rule is the rule." Rule didn't apply on Dez Catch. Had finished catching ball! Not falling, DIVING!
Today's podcast from Dallas: http://t.co/6wVWf25jB2
Back at Gillys Dallas 10-12 E ESPN2. Stephen A already gloating. I will convince him why that was a CATCH
NFL spin-control machine in high gear tonight, attempting to brainwash gullible fans. NFL blew this. NFL has to know it.
I can't WAIT to talk about the Dez Play tomorrow at 10E. So many analysts missing the point. This had nothing to do w/ Calvin Johnson play!
AGAIN: Irsay made big mistake dumping Peyton for Luck. Peyton has had 3 straight better seasons. 7-pt home fave today. Indy played better.
Is it possible that, subconsciously, the Broncos wanted no part of Seattle in another Super Bowl?
DeMarcus Ware rarely made plays for Cowboys last 5 years. Talib couldn't be trusted in big games for NE. Both came up small today.
After Peyton took Denver right down for 7-0 TD, Colts just took over, played harder. O line protected Luck, pass D suffocating.
First ref gave Denver 1st-down spot. 2nd ref spotted it short. 2nd was right.
Amazed Peyton's offense only 2-12 on 3rd down. He deserves some blame. Colts deserve more credit.
That was the opposite of the Dez Play. Punt returner didn't move an inch, never appeared to have complete control, ball squirted out.
Congrats, Packer fans. You just benefitted from one of the worst replay decisions in NFL playoff history, right there with the Tuck Rule.
More I look at it, looks like Dez DID slam the ball on the front edge of the goal line.
What a throw Romo made to Dez.
The Seahawks are probably resting a little easier knowing they don't have to deal with the Cowboys again up there.
I cannot wait to unleash about this tomorrow 10 a.m. E (9 Central) from Gilley's Dallas. Please, Stephen A, tell me that was right ruling.
Odell Beckham Jr. gets it. HE thought it was a catch.
Howie Long gets it. Dez was EXTENDING FOR THE GOAL LINE.
That was a CATCH.
As a lifelong Cowboy fan, I'm extremely proud of this team. Did everything in its power to win a playoff game at Lambeau. Congrats, guys.
Dez Bryant not only caught the ball and made a football play, he came very close to slamming the ball on the goal line for a TD. ROBBERY!
I just might have to throw up.
Now that lucky Rodgers has the refs and the NFL gods on his side.
Now the only hope is that something crazy happens.
That's it. Crime of the Century.
NOOOOOOOOOOOO! Absolute robbery. He was just trying to slam the ball across the goal line.
That is a CATCH - A GREAT LEAPING CATCH BY THE GREAT DEZ BRYANT.
One return.
Big play stopping the 2-point try.
Must force a turnover.
RUSH HIM!
To win this game, the Cowboys will have to intercept Aaron Rodgers.
Through 3 quarters, the Cowboys are leading the Packers at Lambeau, where they've been invincible all season.
That's exactly what CANNOT HAPPEN.
Must get pressure on ARodg.
How lucky was Green Bay that Dallas didn't recover that fumble? Nearly had it.
Mixed emotions: Romo limping, but Cowboys run it down their throats. 21-13.
It's again time for Tony Romo to play like the NFL MVP.
TJ Lang deserves 15 yard penalty.
That's exactly what the Cowboys did not need. From TD to Green Bay ball.
Terrible pro-Packers spot.
ARodg should be turning this average Cowboys D into a bunch of New York Bozos. He hasn't yet. But long way to go.
Cowboys won the all-important game of keepaway in first half, about 17 and a half minutes to 12 and a half. Big deal.
Hey, I'll take Cowboys 14, Aaron Rodgers 10 at half.
I don't blame JGarrett for taking timeout that cost the 1st down. It WASN'T a 1st down. I do blame Cowboys for not converting FG.
That obviously hit the ground.
Think Romo wanted to go deep on 3rd and 1 and just didn't look in the snap. Still made an incredibly accurate deep throw to TWill.
Where there is a TWill, there is a way.
Thank you.
Cowboy defense MUST create a turnover.
OK, so now the Cowboys have lost Rolando McClain, their best defensive player. So the baaaad man that is Aaron Rodgers has HUGE ADVANTAGE.
Clay Matthews should've been flagged 15 yards for shockingly late hit to Romo's knees. Come on, ref. Makeup non call?
50-50 interference call. But I'll take it.
Dez just took off his head/neck warmer. Wish Romo would, too. Don't give in to the cold. Not THAT cold. Just play football.
Now Tony Romo is going to have to play like the NFL MVP.
HERE  WE  GO
Wouldn't it be interesting to see the Dallas Cowboys return to Seattle?
Kam&gt;Cam. Kam Chancellor is a baaaaaaaad man.
Panthers' only hope: They have 87 yards rushing to Seattle's mere 21. If they can play keep away, can keep it close.
Never seen any player leap over the line on a FG block like Kam Chancellor just did - TWICE IN A ROW. Just playing possessed.
I thought the Pats could score 30-something. I did NOT think the Ravens could come close to 30-something. Much respect to them.
The Patriots escaped in large part because of the all-time greatness of Thomas Edward Patrick Brady, Jr.
Flacco finally, finally made a Fluke-o throw for the game-changing interception.
Shew.
Not a single holding call on Ravens?
GET ANOTHER STOP.
GET A STOP.
WOULD THE PATRIOTS PLEASE GET SOME PRESSURE ON FLACCO.
Forsett has run behind that mauler Ravens line 22 times for 125 yards (5.7 per). That has to stop.
What a rainbow TD throw by the great Tom Brady.
Knee was DOWN. NE ball.
Unreal: ANOTHER penalty on Revis wipes out a game-turning turnover.
Biggest surprise for me: Pats have only 17 yards rushing on nine tries.
Thank you.
Just one big turnover.
Now the NE defense MUST RISE TO THE OCCASION. So far it has played on its heels too much, without win-or-else intensity.
What a sweet QB to QB double-pass TD. Perfect strike from Edelman to Amendola.
Flacco is the weirdest QB in NFL history. He can be so awful  and so postseason great.
I'll repeat what I said at 14-0: Now Brady is going to have to be better than ever. But he's going to need SOME help from his D. 1 turnover?
This is turning into a nightmare.
What an obvious and awful missed Pass I on Gronk.
Ravens believe they can beat Pats in playoffs at their place. Pats fighting suspicion Ravens have their number.
Never understand why coaches with good QBS opt to take knee on final play of half. Why not take a shot at a big play?
Never would've believed Brady and Revis would make late-half mistakes that would set up Flacco to re-seize lead and momentum.
Amendola makes amends.
Brady runs for must TD on 3rd down - Psycho Tom emerges, spikes, celebrates. Good sign.
Now Tom Brady is going to have to be better than ever.
Very bad sign: Patriots continue to show NO EVIDENCE they can stop Flacco and Co. 14-0. Shades of the Ray Rice game 4 years ago.
Uhhh  not a good sign for the Patriots. Flacco again looking like Brady in Foxboro.
RIP Roy Tarpley, former Mav. I wrote about his early issues w/ alcohol, which continued to plague him. So talented. Good heart. Sad story.
Chris Christie, counting on you to be in Jerry's box Sunday at Lambeau wearing that beautiful lucky orange sweater of yours.
Stephen A Smith looked much better in a Tony Romo jersey than in today's Aaron Rodgers jersey. Packers sure can't win uniform game w/ Dallas
Cam's offense has averaged 9 points a game vs Seattle last 3 reg seasons. I'll give Carolina 10 this time at Seattle. Seahawks 27-10.
Peyton 31, Luck 20.
Patriots about to send a message to this year's Ravens: You no longer "own" Gillette Stadium playoffs. No more Ray or Ed. NE 32-13.
Won't be easy. Will require a break or two. BUT TONY ROMO AND THE COWBOYS WILL BEAT THE PACKERS IN GREEN BAY AT HIGH NOON ON SUNDAY 30-28.
Thanks to the many Cowboy lovers (and haters) who helped turn Gilley's Dallas into a MADHOUSE this week. We're back Monday!
Today's podcast from Dallas: http://t.co/XPwNeqZ9wG
Crazy in Dallas today 10-12 E. Crowd going nuts. Tim Tebow joins us later in show. Join us!
Thanks to EVERYONE who has joined us at Gilley's Dallas last 4 mornings. CRAZY. We're back tomorrow. Stephen A has "big surprise" for me.
Mueller Report says no one at NFL saw in-elevator video. I doubt they tried very hard to get it. Ball wasn't dropped. Never picked up.
Big of Andrew Luck to admit his beard is "a bad look." Yet doesn't seem to care about his look or anyone's opinion of it. Respect that.
Hmmm. Slight tear in Aaron Rodgers' calf? Wonder if Stephen A has any concerns NOW? He should.
Today's podcast from Dallas: http://t.co/hfKJ7qaDtv
We are back at Gillys in Dallas 9-11 Central, 10-12 E. JOIN US.
Today's podcast from Dallas: http://t.co/yLKU9nx0MR
Thanks to all the great Cowboys fans (and haters) who've turned out at Gilley's in Dallas to see 1st Take live. We're back there tomorrow.
OK! OK! Cowboys got away with couple of things vs Det. So they're supposed to forfeit at GBay? NO! THEY'RE PLAYING. DEAL WITH IT.
I'm sorry, Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens were so all-time great BEFORE their suspected PED use that they belong in the Hall of Fame.
Today's podcast from Dallas: http://t.co/dFXV8CRRJq
THIS MORNING: STEPHEN A, CARI AND I WILL AGAIN BE AT GILLEY'S IN DALLAS 10-12 E (9-11 CENTRAL), DEBATING COWBOYS-GB, NBA TRADE. JOIN US.
Today's podcast from Dallas: http://t.co/fRyS2KIYrT
Now the Cowboys play their first playoff game at Green Bay since the Dec. 31, 1967 Ice Bowl, from which I still haven't recovered.
I can't wait for tomorrow's First Take, live 10-12 E (9-11 Central) from Gilley's in Dallas, HOME OF THE COWBOYS. See you then (and there).
What I'm loving about the inexplicably picked-up pass-I flag: It has been a LONG TIME since Dallas was accused of getting all the calls.
What a final quarter and half by Romo: 3rd-10 to Dez for 43, 4th-6 to Witten for 21, 3rd-8 from 8 to TWill, TD. Romo, NFL MVP.
Chris Christie, you had better make plans to be in Green Bay, Wisconsin next weekend. You are needed.
Thank goodness rookie Demarcus Lawrence didn't go down in Cowboys history as a playoff goat. Kid saved the game! What a story.
HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OK, create ANOTHER turnover.
This game was very nearly OVER.
NOOOOOOOOO! Don't try to run with it, kid!!!!
Maybe I missed it, but that was the first time today I've seen good-luck charm Chris Christie up in Jerry's box. Good sign.
YESSSSS. TWill atones.
Twill should've caught previous pass, now false starts.
Thank the Lord.
I hope I'm wrong but I wouldn't go for this.
I am SHOCKED that flag was picked up. I must admit, that was pass interference on Hitchens.
Hey, I'll take the field goal over a bad-old-days throw-it-up-for-grabs interception.
Without Rolando McClain, its best defender, this D can't keep Detroit from making plays but it can force turnovers.
DeMarco drove that TD drive and should've been given the ball on 3rd down instead of the trick play.
When the great Dan Bailey misses a FG, you know you're in trouble.
WHY NOT RUN DEMARCO ON 3RD AND 2?
YES! Now, TAKE ADVANTAGE.
3 years ago, Stafford's Lions came from 27-3 down in 3rd q to win 34-30 at JerryWorld. Now it's Romo's turn.
SOMEbody please get a pass rush on Stafford.
Huge play and break - justice after Twill called for bogus offensive Pass I. Now can D keep Detroit off board in final 1:37?
Now an average Dallas D is hanging on w/o its best player, LB Rolando McClain, and its best DT, Henry Melton, lost last week.
Romo's arm hasn't looked very "live" from the opening series.
This is starting to feel like this season's Redskins game at JerryWorld, when Romo and his line looked as if they'd never seen a blitz.
After all of Barry Church's distracting bluster about "getting even" with Golden Tate, he and Cowboys D turning Tate into a superstar.
Now the Cowboys are going to have a very hard time winning this game. They've given a talented team confidence it can do whatever it wants.
How on a straight 4-man rush does Ziggy Ansah go completely unblocked? Mind-blowing. Preseason kind of mistake.
Killer missed tackles. Cowboys playing like they're prohibitive favorites who can win on reputation.
Stunning blunder from a guy who hasn't been playing. That's how you lose playoff games.
EVERYbody was picking Dallas. Maybe Cowboys started thinking, We got this. Now, they don't. Now they'll have to fight for it.
Amazing playoff-game feat for Andrew Luck: He didn't throw a single interception!
Only issue w/ Bengals' play-calling: Why get away from hammering Jeremy Hill after he had first-quarter impact?
Cincy didn't have much of a chance w/o AJ, Gresham, Rey, Dre. Backup RB Burkhead playing wideout? Can't blame Marvin, Dalton. Bad breaks.
RIP Stuart Scott. A good man.
It will be a battle, but NE will beat Balt. These Pats much better than the ones Balt bedeviled in recent playoff games in Foxboro.
I predicted the Ravens' QB would be more Flacco than Fluke-o. THANK YOU, MR. FLACCO.
I called out my man T-Sizzle on Friday's show saying I needed him to come up big in this one. THANK YOU, MR. SUGGS.
I had Ravens in this one bc of LBell injury. Ben went from 6 TD passes last time vs Balt to 1 and 2 INTs. What a number Balt D did on him.
Carson Palmer would've won this game for Arizona. Drew Stanton might have. Ryan Lindley can't.
We're taking First Take to Dallas for shows all next week and the following Monday (ahead of championship game) and Tuesday.
My heart says Arizona - Cards deserve better than this. My head says Cam and that revamped Carolina defense, 17-13.
I still think Jameis Winston will be a better pro pocket passer than Marcus Mariota. Jameis played pretty well yesterday. Not his fault.
Upset hunches: Baltimore 20, Pittsburgh 17 and Cincy 27, Indy 24 (though Stephen A also picked Cincy, which scares me).
Dallas 30, Detroit 27 because THIS TIME Tony Romo, who should be MVP, makes one more play than Dallas' own Matt Stafford.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/Us0NtAspvS
Blake Sims picked a bad night to have a bad night.
Yet another long night for what Nick Saban used to be known for: his defense. Ohio St: 537 yards. Ohio St: 42-35.
UNREAL: Ohio State just trying to kill some clock, EElliott breaks it 85 for TD. Congrats, Buckeyes, you're going to the title game.
Refs got that right. That was just running into the kicker - 5-yard penalty. Calm down, Urban.
At this rate, Cardale Jones is going to be the first pick in the draft.
Cardale Jones has literally HUGE talent at 6-5, 250. Big arm, bigger running threat than I thought. Agile bulldozer. Just needs experience.
Ohio State is so deep at QB, a receiver just threw the best TD pass of the entire college football day.
For a moment, felt like OhSt was going to get Oregon-ed by Bama. Not any more.
I give Ohio State a shot in this one because you can't always trust the Bama defense. But I still like the Tide bc of offensive firepower.
TCU should be playing Alabama right now.
What's amazing is that if the O'Leary call had been correctly made and RGreene had made the late catch, FSU would've led at half.
Please, somebody call this off and let's get on with Alabama-Ohio State.
I was wrong about this one. Congrats to the Oregon Ducks, bound for the college football's first playoff championship game.
What a stunning disaster of self-destruction for Jameis and his 'Noles.
Despite all that practice time, FSU defense utterly unprepared for tempo and creativity of Oregon attack and play-calling.
FSU has self-destructed. 2 fumbles by DCook, FSU safety took terrible angle on TD pass, 2 kickoff return blunders, now uncovered TD pass.
I'm loving this backup tight end for Oregon.
Surprised and impressed at how much stronger Oregon's defense has played last few games after allowing 30+ four times earlier.
Unbelievable: Rashad Greene, as sure-handed a receiver as there is in college football, just dropped three points.
O'Leary just got TACKLED in the end zone and NO FLAG??? Come on, ref. Cost FSU 4 points.
Concerned about O'Leary's hamstring, but like Florida State to beat Oregon. But would like to see 'Noles get off to a fast start, for once.
These next two games are the best thing to ever happen for college football.
HAPPY 2015!
Pacquiao again dares Mayweather with #LetsMakeFistory. Any year now, Floyd. How much longer can you run?
Thought so: Suh wins appeal, will play Sunday. Oh, well. Rather see Cowboys beat Lions at full strength, and they should.
Tom Brady again takes less $ as gets older so Pats can improve supporting cast. What Tim Duncan, Dirk did. What Kobe should've done.
Surprised Suh suspended for a playoff game. Track record obviously factored. If appeal fails, obviously advantage, Cowboys.
Stephen A and I are off until Friday, when we return to talk Ala-OhSt &amp; Ore-FlaSt and NFL PLAYOFFS. Next week 1st Take goes to Dallas.
As lifelong UofOkla fan, must say something very wrong w/ Stoops' program. From "final 4" team to 8-5 and tonite's Clemson 40, OU 6?
Welcome back, University of Michigan football.
Rex Ryan remains the NFL's best defensive coach. If you gave him an OC and a QB, he'd still make a valuable head coach.
Incomprehensible to me Jim Harbaugh is no longer 49ers coach. Nearly got them to THREE straight SBowls. Are owner/GM more valuable?
Tony Romo: NFL's best QBR overall. Best QBR in second halves. Best road QBR by far. Made so many $ plays in $ moments. Romo: MVP.
If Le'Veon is out, Ravens become biggest threat to NE. They have a recent history of playing extremely well in Foxboro.
I'd give the Cowboys a better chance of winning in Seattle than in Green Bay. Unfortunately, their road to Seattle goes thru Lambeau.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/WqQpCKdYqE
Stephen A and I are BACK this morning, debating NFL playoffs, Suh, Le'Veon hit, Harbaugh, Manziel. 10-12E, ESPN2. Be there.
Antonio Brown: most explosive play-maker in pro football.
The Steelers lost Le'Veon and now they're trying hard to lose this game.
FINALLY: Patty Mills returns from shoulder surgery, sparks 4th-quarter rally as Spurs overcome Rockets. Did this so often last year.
Stephen A and I return tomorrow 10-12 E to debate Cowboys, ARodg, Suh, Harbaugh, Cam, coach firings and playoff match ups. JOIN US.
Mike Tomlin: NFL's best pregame and post-game interview.
Like Cowboys chances vs Lions. Time to avenge 2011 at JerryWorld: Up 27-3 in 3rd. 2 Pick Sixes, 3 INTs by Romo, 34-30 Lions.
Cannot believe THAT call was reversed. THAT was a TD.
Yet another dirty play by Suh, twice stepping on Rodgers. Not a big deal, but still dirty.
That was obviously NOT a touchdown. Knee was down. What were they looking at in NY???
R-e-l-a-x, Packer fans. This shouldn't be any problem for your man Aaron.
OK, stage is set for ARodg to return and save day. He sure looks happy and confident on the sideline, smiling and chuckling.
If ARodgers can go on his injured calf, why not return for 1st series of 2nd half? Did he wait just to make dramatic re-entrance?
In the month that used to own THEM, the Cowboys averaged almost 40 points a game in December, going 4-0. December to Remember.
What an achievement it is for the Dallas Cowboys picked a consensus last in division to finish 8-0 on the road.
AS LONG AS NO ONE TURNS OUT TO BE SERIOUSLY HURT, what a perfect way 44-17 at arch-rival Wash this was to launch 12-4 Dallas into playoffs.
HOW BOUT THEM PLAYOFF-BOUND COWBOYS?
What is Jason Garrett DOING playing his stars and his starters this deep in this game?
Manziel's tardiness after party he threw BAD SIGN. Either 1) still thinks he's above NFL rules or 2) no longer wants to be in Cleveland
What is it about Cowboys linebackers? Every good one who emerges seems to get hurt: SLee, JDurant, RMcClain, now Hitchens.
OK, Jason Garrett, statement made. That's enough of DeM/Dez/Romo. Do not love Hitchens ankle injury. Let some backups hang onto lead.
LOVE it JGarrett playing to avenge Wash loss, to keep edge, to let DeMarco break Emmitt mark. 27-7. But now: protect DeMarco.
A little justice for LeBron's ex-team.
I look for LeBron to have a big second half and for Cavs to make this a close finish.
If DWade could be this explosive every game, Heat wouldn't be 13-16 and 5-10 at home. Those 24 first-half points were VINTAGE.
Most Heat fans have moved on from LeBron James. Good for them.
Sounded like pretty muted reaction to LeBron's intro, low-key applause, a few cheers/boos. Way to go, Heat fans. Perfect "welcome back."
At San Antonio, how do the Thunder shoot 38 free throws to the Spurs' 21?
Remember, LeBron's Team lost last June's NBA Finals to the San Antonio Spurs BY A RECORD MARGIN.
No sweat. OKC beat Spurs all 4 times last yr, lost in 6 (at home) to Spurs in conf finals. If/when both at full strength, Spurs&gt;OKC.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Man, wish I'd watched THIS: CenMich came from 49-14 down after 3, outscored WKU 34-0 in 4th, late multi-lateral TD, but 2-pt failed. 49-48!
Kawhi right hand injury sounds bad. But if Spurs ever get him, Patty Mills everyone else healthy, LOOK OUT, even if 7 or 8 seed.
Heat fans should give LeBron silent treatment. No boos, no cheers. Fled Miami after losing Finals by record margin. Be done w/ him.
Coin flip: Carolina 28-27 at Atlanta as JStewart runs for 125.
At Lambeau: Green Bay 40, Detroit 13.
Bengals are NFL's weirdest team, capable of big wins, bigger losses. So wouldn't shock me if won at Pitt. But I say Steelers 34-27.
I do not think this Denver team can win an AFC title game at NE. Script now flipped from last January.
I'd rest only only DeMarco at Wash, let team go for 8-0 on road, hope StL upsets Seattle. Rams capable. Dallas season meant to be.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/qw4KWvFpLw
Today, Stephen A gets to wear Dez's "X" shirt. Haha. We debate if Cowboys should rest starters or go for it and if Peyton is hurt. 10-12E E2
Big win for Bengals. Now  WIN A PLAYOFF GAME. Just one.
As out of synch and unprotected as Peyton often was, the inexplicable "hands to face" call on DThomas negating 30-yd gain was a killer.
Rough night for Peyton in the rain in Cincy. Advantage: PATRIOTS.
Wow, shockingly poor decision and throw by the great Peyton Manning at such a key moment in what feels like a playoff game.
My man Stephen A Smith was a good sport wearing an "I (Heart) Jerry Jones" Tshirt for all 2 hours to pay off our bet. Looked good on him.
Of course, Rodgers and Brady have big MVP-race games next Sunday - especially ARodg. and Russell Wilson deserves consideration.
If the season ended today, Romo would be my MVP. Now has NFL's best QBR &amp; on record pace for 2nd-half/OT QBR this season.
I'm sorry, I can't help myself ... one more time: HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS!
Today's podcast: http://t.co/cngrSgKhVQ
Today we also debate which was best Beast Mode run and his postgame "interview," who wins AFC N, NFC S, Romo MVP, Sea-NE SBowl? 10-12E ESPN2
I'm counting the minutes until I get to see Stephen A. Smith wearing an I (Heart) Jerry Jones T-shirt FOR 2 STRAIGHT HOURS - 10-12E, ESPN2.
BEAST MODE! Ballgame.
Russell Wilson can accelerate like crazy and FLY. But so can his 6-5 tight end, Luke Willson.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, Dallas Cowboys fans.
Tony Romo is now challenging Tom Brady for NFL MVP.
Go, Seahawks, go.
I cannot WAIT for 10 a.m. Eastern time, ESPN2.
Now that Thanksgiving nightmare seems like 3 years ago. Eagles celebrated on sideline as if THEY'D won the NFC E. Now: out of playoffs?
What I loved most about Cowboys 42, Colts 7 is the Cowboys are peaking at just the right time on offense and defense.
Before the season I predicted the Cowboys would win the division. Stephen A thought that was so ludicrous he WALKED OFF THE 1ST TAKE SET.
Tomorrow I do NOT have to wear a Mark Sanchez Eagles jersey because Sanchez was the Ultimate Accident Waiting to Happen.
Now @StephenASmith has lost a second Cowboys bet this season. On tomorrow's show he must wear an "I (Heart) Jerry Jones" T-shirt.
Please tell @StephenASmith his Eagles-win-the-division prediction was an Accident Waiting to Happen.
HOW BOUT THEM NFC EAST CHAMPION COWBOYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wish Marinelli's backup defenders had been able to preserve the shutout for him. But he's still the Assistant Coach of the Year.
Somewhere, Stephen A. Smith is sweating.
When it's your day, it's just your day. Cowboys 42, Colts ZERO?!?!?!
That was about to be at the least 38-0. I know, I'm getting greedy.
Run, clock, run.
Not surprised Pagano pulled Luck. Colts have clinched and Luck under siege all day from best Cowboys rush of season.
Romo says he has never played better. Truth.
What a beautiful throw from Tony Romo to his best buddy Jason Witten. 35-0!
I said DeMarco would be about 50% of his usual self and that's what I'm seeing. A little too tentative. Not hitting the holes hell-bent.
Romo HAS to know to just throw that ball away, save the more makable field goal.
For the record, after throwing 3 INTs at home vs KC in playoffs, Luck led huge comeback vs decimated Chiefs. So this STILL isn't over.
Somehow, "Hall of Famer" Andrew Luck has the second most turnovers in NFL. Surely a flukish aberration.
So far, so unbelievably great. Cowboys, 28-0. 17 1st downs to 0. 231 yards to 13. Pagano now regretting deferring kickoff?
BUT: No way do I think this game is over. At Philly it was also 21-0. Then it was 24-21. Long way to go vs "Hall of Fame" QB.
KABOOM.
YES: Cowboy good-luck charm Gov. Christie in Jerry's box today, as he was in the second half in Philly last week.
Another little break for Cowboys: Should've been interference on Brandon Carr. Grabbed, yanked Fleener.
BOOM.
What a big break for the home team.
Key opening-drive TD considering Colts won toss, deferred, dared Dallas to move ball. But taunting call obviously saved drive.
Biggest mystery of NFL season is why New Orleans can't score points or win games in a home dome they used to own.
It is now time for the Dallas Cowboys to start creating some real home-field advantage at their owner's stadium.
Big win for Pats, finally overcoming Rex's D. He has always made it tough on Brady, but maybe that was the last time.
Manziel out w/ what saying hamstring though went head-first into two tacklers near sideline. Looking just a little surer of self today.
Cowboys now in good position to win East. Reeling Eagles still must go to Giants. But Cowboys NOT GOOD ENOUGH ON DEFENSE TO COAST.
I kept saying, "Mark Sanchez will turn it over  Mark Sanchez will turn it over " And finally: KILLER INTERCEPTION.
HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Right now my depleted Spurs have Manu-nucleosis. But if they ever get completely healthy, look out above.
Go, RG3, go.
Sorry, misspelled Damian.
Spurs snake-bitten right now. DGreen's 3, Duncan's shot split-sec after shot clock. Either wins it. Refs missed Aldridge o.b.
Damien Lillard has often torched Spurs in reg-season games. But all you need to know is: Spurs swept Portland in last year's playoffs.
Without Tony Parker, Kawhi Leonard and Patty Mills, and next 8 games lose-able, Spurs in early trouble. Now THEY could be scary 8 seed.
Manu in such a nightmarish shooting/turnover slump that he has been primary reason they've lost to Nets, Lakers, Griz and now Blazers.
I love the guy, but right now Manu Ginobili is a disaster.
Deja voodoo for Spurs: A second straight THREE OT game in which were in position to win in 1st 2. Now, if history repeats, they lose.
I keep picking against Ariz and losing. Won't be surprised if Bruce Arians figures away, even w/ Lindley, but I say Seattle 16-13.
Darren Woodson says DeMarco will go for 120 yds. I'd take 50 from him (&amp; no fumbles), 40 from JRandle, 30 and 2 key catches from LDunbar.
Somehow, some late way, the Cowboys will overcome Andrew Luck, who might as well already be in HofFame. Cowboys 30, Colts 27.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/NiOMqPWvRf
Also today, Stephen A and I debate if Mavs are now favorites in West and if Green Bay, Philly or NE could be road upset victims. 10-12E, E2
Have a feeling Stephen A and Darren Woodson will join Herm in picking Indy over Dallas. I got your back, Cowboys fans. 10-12E, ESPN2.
Before the year I had the Mavs in the West finals. With Rondo, I give them a shot at winning the NBA title. Significant upgrade.
Manu most perplexing player I've ever watched. Spurs can't win w/o him but sometimes can't win b/c of him. Got 'em back in 3OT game. Blew it
Would like to see Cutler coached by Shanahan (who drafted him) or Harbaugh in Chicago or OBrien in Houston. Needs more tough love.
Won't happen b/c CPalmer signed long term, but 1 coach who could fix Cutler is Bruce Arians. Would yell at him, scare him, hold accountable.
If Mavs land Rondo, bad news for my Spurs. Leads NBA in assts and in rebs for all guards. Pure PG exactly what they're missing. Look out.
Packers have already named playoff captains? Franchise now taking on persona of its QB - arrogant. Listening Bucs? Lions?
Today's podcast: http://t.co/caib0HoJPn
Stephen A and I about to debate Cutler, Rondo to Mavs, Harbaugh, Cavs collapse, Herm picking Cowboys to lose, MY SPURS ANGUISH. 10-12E, E2
Congrats to Memphis for gutting out that win on back-to-back. But w/o a lucky buzzer backboard THREE from MGasol 
The Spurs were playing without 2 of best 3 players (TParker, Kawhi) but impossibly dumb turnovers, missed FTs cost 'em 23-pt comeback win.
I've been watching Spurs games since the late '70s and that was the most agonizing, gut-wrenching Spurs home loss I can ever remember.
In all my years of covering/watching NBA regular-season games, this 3-OT shootout between Spurs-Griz is wildest I have ever witnessed.
These San Antonio Spurs are going to be the death of me. Twice have thrown away what has turned into an incredible shootout vs Griz.
Been trying to tell Stephen A the Atlanta Hawks no joke. Tonite (w/o Teague) they've come from 12 down to embarrass Cavs in Cleveland.
Despite all the injuries, I still believe in my Dallas Cowboys.
Right now OKC playing at highest level of any team in West. Westbrook starting to make run at MVP. But: Can Durant take back seat?
Golden St's 1 flaw: lives/dies by Steph 3's, which ignite, inspire, tilt scoreboard. Missed 9 of 10 last nite. If had hit 3 more, GS wins.
My opinion on No. 1 overall could change b/c either Mariota or Jameis will get to play TWO playoff games on big stages. Oregon -9 over FSU.
Mariota obviously has better measurables (speed, arm, quicker release) and higher character, but Jameis has higher football IQ, better feel.
From what I've seen so far, I'd take Jameis over Mariota on big-game, fourth-quarter clutchness.
Publicly, Jay Gruden continues to criticize RG3 as if he's an undrafted free-agent rookie quarterback. What has Gruden accomplished?
I believe RG3 quit social media until after season as concession to Gruden, who reportedly has rolled eyes at RG3 tweeting life lessons.
I do not believe Jay Gruden and RG3 will ever be able to co-exist. One must go. RG3 is more valuable.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/icXvWudOFo
Mariota or Jameis w/ No. 1 pick? Were Warriors exposed last night? Peyton hiding injury? Believe Jerry about DeMarco? We debate 10-12E, E2.
Steph has rare off night, 1-10 from 3. Warriors lose 1st time in 17 games. No shame. Hung in at Memphis vs team w/ best home record.
I do think Joseph Randle/Lance Dunbar can do some damage to Indy D. But combined, they're not DeMarco. So more pressure on Romo. Scary.
Not buying DeMarco will be able to go (and be 100%) after hand surgery. Will make it even tougher to beat Indy at "neutral site" JerryWorld.
I said before their draft I'd take Steph Curry No. 1 over Blake Griffin. (Everyone laughed.) Now Steph is the early MVP.
Pacquiao says he offered to fight Floyd FOR CHARITY - for no $! No answer from Floyd, he says. Floyd remains afraid of Pacquiao.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/VgF9atY5cL
CHRIS ROCK JOINS THE DEBATE DESK AT 10:20 A.M. TODAY. DO NOT MISS THIS.
How much trouble are Cowboys in? Now what do Bears do w/ Cutler? Pacquiao said WHAT? Warriors win West? We debate 10-12E, ESPN2.
OK, Joseph Randle, here's your chance to make fans talk about your performance as a RB instead of getting arrested for shoplifting.
If DeMarco tries to play, he'll be limited. Today on 1st Take I said best chance vs Indy was for DeMarco to run ball/clock (as NE did).
The DeMarco Murray news could be worse (such as season-ending leg injury). But nothing good about surgery to put pin in broken finger.
If Packers and Cowboys could join forces, and Green Bay could play the home games and Dallas the away games, look out '72 Dolphins.
NO WAY is the NFC East over. Cowboys have looked sorry losing 3 straight home games. Jerry should offer to play Sunday's game at Indy.
Loving all the "told you so" Manziel hate today. Eventually he will tell YOU so.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/yrRJ1XqJO8
Today Stephen A and I also debate Kobe passing MJ, if Floyd truly wants to fight Pacquiao, if NE-Sea are SBowl bound, who wins AFC N.
What will Stephen A have to say today about my Cowboys and his ARodg? What will I have to say about Manziel? 10-12E, ESPN2.
How bout my Cowboys losing a 21-0 lead and having the guts to battle back and win by 11? How bout 7-0 on the road? Thank you Romo/Dez.
I cannot WAIT to see Stephen A. Sanchez tomorrow at 10 a.m. E.
Gov. Chris Christie, you are formally invited to come down to Dallas and sit next to Jerry Jones next Sunday. Bring your good luck w/ you.
HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mark Sanchez: ULTIMATE ACCIDENT WAITING TO HAPPEN.
That ball was clearly out.
Just awful, can't get a yard with DeMarco Murray behind that line. But remember, Mark Sanchez 
Reminder: Mark Sanchez is highly capable of making the big mistake.
Romo's motion was exactly Brady's motion that was overturned by replay in the infamous Tuck Rule game that launched NE's dynasty. Ask Gruden
That's definitely the tuck rule.
That was such a poor play by Brandon Carr, allowing a 72-yard pass on 3rd and 11. Hard to overcome breakdowns. Now: Game on.
Cowboys offense will have to win this game.
Obviously don't love Philly taking back momentum in 2nd q. But 21-10 at half? I'll take it. Still, long way to go.
Eagles SHOULD win tonight. Much better pass rush. Better D. More explosive O. At home. But somehow, some way, Dallas wins.
Peyton got banged up, played through illness, gutted out win at SD, though Chargers w/o Ryan Matthews, blew 2 FGs. Den D peaking.
49ers got bad call on roughing, both backs hurt. But: Seattle is just better. Now looks like Seattle-NE on collision course for Super Bowl.
Have Chargers fans quit on their team? Stadium looks half Broncos fans and sounds like Denver home game. NE fans got many tickets last wk.
The NFL MVP so far is clearly Tom Brady.
The baaaaaad man was just plain bad at Buffalo. ARodg only 17-42, 0 TDs, 2 INTs. Jordy big drop but Pack again lambs away from Lambeau.
NE rolls on toward home field adv tho this wasn't as easy as final score (41-13). Miami outgained Pats. Blocked FG TD set tone.
Bengals put Manziel through rookie hazing (and taunting). Run wild on Browns D (244 yds). 39-21 t.o.p. Haden hurt. Complete butt kick.
Bengals giving Manziel's "money" sign after nearly every play they make. They'd better do it now, before he starts figuring it out.
Manziel way too amped. Needs to make conventional throws from pocket way did at A&amp;M when led nation in pocket %. But line getting mauled.
Manziel predictably awful w/ 2 INTs (nearly 3). I said unheard of to throw kid into 1st game w/ playoffs on line vs humiliated rival.
Congrats to Marcus Mariota on winning Heisman. Now that Oregon's D has suddenly gone from awful to good, Ducks have title shot.
Kobe is all-time great. But MJ all-time greatest. Kobe not in MJ's league in overall offense (efficiency, turnovers) or defensive impact.
Kobe is 2nd best 2 guard ever but proves nothing he's passing MJ in pts. He's played 5,375 more minutes than MJ, taken 3,237 more 3s.
Mayweather will keep SAYING wants Manny then make impossible demands because he's SCARED OF MANNY PACQUIAO.
Floyd finally shamed into saying wants Pacquiao May 2. Yet spews untruths about past negotiations, current leverage. He's just TALKING.
Nick Young OUT OF HIS MIND throwing up 3s, beats Spurs w/ OT bomb. BUT: As much as I love Manu, just pitiful late w/ missed FT, turnover.
Why Cowboys have much better chance of beating Eagles in Philly than at home: http://t.co/7Lv7AdN9V1
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/Y7Wp7EdtOm
Some how, some way, I believe the Cowboys (6-0 on road) will win at Philly and win the NFC East. Romo's road QBR (88) by far NFL's best.
My column on why Cowboys now pathetic at home and great away: http://t.co/7Lv7AdN9V1
Today Stephen A and I debate LeBron's wear and tear, Kobe's rant and Melo's being open to trade &amp; pick Manziel game. 10-12E, ESPN2
Stephen A. is "supremely confident" Eagles will beat my Cowboys. So will he accept my new bet? 10am E, ESPN2
Great news for Cavs: Kyrie back in game, moving OK.
Another knee issue for Cavs. First LeBron, now Kyrie. Looked like hyperextended it. Hope nothing tore.
If Kobe had taken half what he's worth as Duncan/Dirk did, wouldn't need to yell at Kupchak about teammates. They'd be way better.
Not a good sign: LeBron out tonite w/ knee soreness. Only 6 dunks in half-court O this yr yet averaging most mins. (38) since 1st yr w Heat.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/3IZEiuxdVB
No SAS today (afraid of TJ?). TJHoush/Jerome Bettis join me to debate surprising pt spreads. Philly by only 3.5? GB by only 5? Johnny by 1?
Knicks only hope: Phil Jackson MUST COACH THEM.
Betting line vs Cincy swung 2.5 pts - HUGE - when Manziel named starter. Validates my point: He should've started Game 1.
Low blow for ARodg to take a cheap shot at Tulloch for blowing out knee doing "championship-belt" celebration. Lions are listening. Dec. 28.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/COTILe0vYa
Also today we debate Kobe wearing the Tshirt, LeBron's game and the shot ARodg took at injured Tulloch. 10-12E, ESPN2
TJ. Houshmandzadeh back at debate desk to respond to Stephen A repeatedly calling him out about his Bengals support. Don't miss. 10E, ESPN2
LeBron has best offensive game of yr. Big FTs and last-minute 3 as Cavs own offensive glass late, overcome Raptors. Cavs figuring it out.
Favre had 2 of best seasons at age 39 and 40. Yes, threw way too many career INTs. But if ARodg going to be better, has LOOOONG way to go.
Through their 1st 100 games, Favre was 9-4 in playoffs while ARodg is 5-4 and has lost 3 of last 4 playoff games including 2 at home.
Through their 1st 100 games, Favre won 3 MVPs and got to 2 SBowls (winning one) while ARodg has won 1 MVP and 1 SBowl.
Marvin Lewis disparaged Manziel's height when a QB an inch shorter (Russell Wilson) is reigning Super Bowl champ and an MVP candidate.
If necessary, Seattle can beat Green Bay at Lambeau in January.
Remember, Peyton led league in INTs rookie yr and Andrew Luck 2nd in turnovers. Manziel has played all of 12 plays 13 games in.
I don't expect a whole lot from Manziel vs Bengals beaten by Hoyer 24-3 at Cincy. Will make mistakes but should make a few big plays.
Sounds like Cam fortunate after truck rolled to have only fractured transverse process (Romo injury) &amp; be very sore. Hope recovers quickly.
#PrayforCam
Today's podcast: http://t.co/YV0HuthiGJ
Seattle or Green Bay? Rodgers now better than Favre? "I Can't Breathe" T-shirts. Marvin Lewis vs Manziel. We discuss/debate 10-12E, ESPN2
The "baaaaad man" just answered: Not in my house.
The "baaaaaaad man" at Lambeau right now is not Aaron Rodgers. It's Julio Jones, bullying the bullies.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/49PXdyydFW
Green Bay 55, Atlanta 13.
If I HAD TO choose between Jay Gruden and RG3, I'd go w/ former rookie of yr who led Wash to div title and 14-0 lead over Sea in playoffs.
Loved/laughed about Michael Bennett's view of Sanchez - he's trying to impersonate a good QB and police should put out APB for him.
Baltimore will win AFC N. I now have no idea who'll win NFC S.
I do not put Cowboys D in same sentence, paragraph, chapter, book, archive or library with Seattle's. Next Sunday: whole new ballgame.
Imagine how good NE's defense will be if/when it gets DHightower &amp; pass rusher Chandler Jones back. Scary good, thanks to Revis Island.
Pats are positioned to wrap up home field to SBowl. No, I do not think Peyton's new run-oriented offense can win playoff game at Foxboro.
Seattle showed yesterday it's still the NFC's best team and if it has to, it can win at Green Bay vs QB afraid to throw at Richard Sherman.
10-12E, ESPN2: Why committee SOLD OUT to OhSt, FSU. Will Sanchez recover for Cowboys? Seattle best in NFC? NE AFC lock? SAS and I debate.
Huge win for NE, which now is positioned to close out 13-3 (Mia, at Jets, Buff) for home field to the Super Bowl.
Love it when Brady goes Psycho Tom. Wanted this one badly. But Minitron made play of game, turning slightly off-target pass into TD.
That was not helmet to helmet. That was a shoulder hit by Browner on a 6-6 tight end. Game-changing flag was overreaction.
Chargers have Brady a little confused, indecisive, out of rhythm. No surprise. They've routinely done this to Peyton.
How was that not a late-hit cheap shot by Addae? Just because Gronk is so big/fast/strong doesn't mean he can be hit late.
Maybe that blocked punt will awaken the Pats after spending a sleepy week in Southern California.
Sanchize: 10-20, 97 yds. Philly 2-11 3rd down. 1st play after MLynch fumble, Sanchez INT. Accident waiting 
Seattle, Cowboy fans thank you. Now, going into Dec. 14 at Philly, Dallas is tied for the NFC East. Who could've imagined THAT.
HOW BOUT THEM SEAHAWKS?
Seattle loves that throwback play.
Eagles return Seattle's early-game favor.
The Eagles D I'm watching is now playing so fast/physical it will be extremely difficult to overcome for my Cowboys a wk from tonight.
This game would be very different if Richard Sherman had been able to hang onto the early INT that Sanchez nearly threw him.
Great. Seahawks punter Ryan, with no rush, drops/fumbles snap, gives Eagles early score.
Hoyer just threw a bomb to Colts' 29 that Josh Gordon should've caught. Would've been in FG range.
Wait, TCU went from No. 3 to out of the playoffs and into the PEACH BOWL???
Just as everyone expected: Carolina 41, Saints 10 IN NEW ORLEANS. Pitt 42, Bengals 21 IN CINCY.
Scares me most analysts picking Seattle. When that happens, usually goes other way. OK, I pick Eagles while rooting like crazy for Seattle.
High throw by Luck glances off TY's hands into yet another interception.
*21-7
Andrew Luck keeps turning ball over at alarming rate: First, sack-fumble for Browns TD. Now Luck INT returned for TD. 21-3 Browns.
Andrew Luck still turns the ball over at alarming rate. Just sack-fumbled into end zone. 7-0 Browns.
Hoyer made one nice throw to Cameron, then threw INT in end zone. Clock ticking for Johnny Football.
For that matter, right now TCU would beat FlaSt on a neutral field and has a better resume. But FSU has Jameis. FSU: defending champs. In.
OhSt was spectacular last nite. But struggled in final 3 (Minn, Ind, Mich) and Wis did lose to 5-7 Northwestern. DON'T BE PRISONER OF MOMENT
This came down to tradition, mystique, marketability, big-name vs no-name program. OHIO STATE over tcu. FLORIDA STATE over tcu.
Big 12 was a better and deeper conference than the Big 10. And the Big 12 got SHUT OUT? At least give the Big 12 Baylor.
TCU just got all-time burned. Fell from No. 3 to No. 6 while doing exactly what it was supposed to, blow out a bad team in final game???
Biggest winner tonight: college football.
My final 4: Ala, Ore, TCU, FlaSt. Best guess on committee's final 4: Ala, Ore, FlaSt, Ohio St.
I love TCU. Baylor impressive tonite. But B12 co-champs just might cancel each other. Late eye-test winner: Ohio St. 4th team?
Even though FlaSt underachieved all season, Noles did (barely) win every game. So - close call - I want them in my 4-team playoff.
What a great day/night for college football w/ teams making closing playoff statements. Could come down to toughest eye test ever.
Along came Jones - Cardale and Co. making HUGE statement to committee not missing a beat w/o JT. Could FSU barely win 'em all, lose out?
Bama deserves No. 1 - yet gave up 630 yds to Aub, outgained 428-335 by Miss St, barely won at LSU &amp; Ark, lost at Miss. SEC WEST THE BEST.
On First Take I predicted Alabama 42, Missouri 14. Sorry, 42-13.
I like Bob Stoops very much personally. But time for him, OU to part ways. 3 home losses? Blown out by Baylor? Just lost to 3-TD 'dog OkSt?
Today: Alabama BIG  Florida State, Wisconsin close. Doubt Baylor can beat Kansas State as impressively as TCU did (41-20).
Last nite shockingly stifling Ore D, which struggled all yr, saved Mariota who struggled through 1st half but had ball so much led 23-0!
I was dead wrong giving Arizona a shot to upset Oregon. Ducks D just SUFFOCATING. So much better than I thought. 'Cats 0-6 3rd down.
Spurs fairly easily end Memphis' 22-game home reg-season streak. Have also won fairly easily at Golden State. SPURS STILL THE NBA'S BEST.
LeBron is Cavs' point guard. Kyrie is their 2-guard closer.
Mark Sanchez is about to be the ultimate Accident Waiting to Happen. 2 INTs, one sack fumble. Seattle 24, Eagles 17.
The Dallas Cowboys now have the NFL's best road record BY TWO GAMES. Spurs-like. Just don't ask me Cowboys' record at JerryWorld.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/oZx0VY9Qwn
Stephen A and I about to debate Cowboys playoff chances, Sea-Philly, NE-SDiego, college picks/final four, LeBron vs Melo. 10-12E, ESPN2
RIP Bryan Burwell. A good man. A journalist. A friend. A tragic loss.
Here I come, Stephen A Sanchez. See you at 10am E, ESPN2. Go, Seahawks!
Thank you, DeMarco (179 yards). Thank you, offensive line. Thank you, Romo (3 TDs, 0 INTs).
Home sweet road, baby: Cowboys 6-0 away from JerryWorld with 10 days to get ready to see if they can avoid embarrassment at Philly.
HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS!
Guess Jim Nance never watches First Take.
THANK YOU, ORLANDO SCANDRICK.
THANK YOU, JAY CUTLER.
Would somebody please get just a LITTLE PRESSURE on Jay Cutler???
Good for Scandrick.
Knew this wasn't over when camera caught Romo laughing on the sideline. Now I can hear Stephen A. Smith laughing.
TD pass should've been offensive interference. Jeffery grabbed back of BCarr's jersey, yanked him backward and propelled self.
Surprised Cowboys got the review and didn't have to bang it in from the half yard line.
And I thought Romo was trying to throw it away. What a TD pass.
Cole in the cold!
Hope Brandon Marshall is OK.
Just as everyone expected: a bad defense (Chicago's) and a below-average defense (Dallas') engaging in a defensive struggle.
So far Cowboys winning a game of keepaway from Cutler. Not sure they can stop him unless he stops himself.
Still not sure what Barry Church was doing on 42-yard juggle catch by BMarsh. Easily could've broken it up. Ran right past. Huh?
DeMarco, DeMarco, DeMarco: smart, smart, smart.
Dallas Cowboys: IT IS TIME.
Happy birthday to the great Jay-Z. Dec. 4, great day.
You have no idea how much I want Dallas to win tonite. But don't want to jinx 'em, honestly not sure what to expect. So NO PICK. Go Cowboys!
Today's podcast: http://t.co/z2sb4rorpE
10-12E, ESPN2: Will I pick the Cowboys tonite? How short should Hoyer's leash be? Is Tiger back (again)? Kenny Smith on Barkley? We debate!
W/ my Cowboys at Chi, I'm up against my friend Jay (Feely, newly signed kicker) and fellow alum Jay (Cutler). Wouldn't it be ironic if ...
Today's podcast: http://t.co/78P4sKuGio
Just once I want Floyd Mayweather Jr. to go on record saying HE wants to fight Pacquiao. He won't bc he's more scared than ever of him.
Good for the committee: Right now TCU is a better team than FlaSt, OhSt (w/ or w/o JT) and/or Baylor. Eye test.
Kaep took over for Alex Smith b/c of concussion. Kaep already had played 107 NFL snaps at QB. Manziel, age 21, has played 12.
I can't remember a rookie QB being thrown into playoff-chase fire for a starter only b/c of performance not injury. Unfair to both QBs.
I'm fine w/ Hoyer starting until Cle eliminated. Manziel should've started all year. Now let Hoyer try to finish what he started.
TCU over FlaSt/OhSt/Baylor??? Packers over Pats in Power Ranking??? Pacq shames Mayweather??? OKC playoff chances??? We debate 10-12E ESPN2
A Dallas team wins at Chicago. Good omen for Cowboys at Bears on Thursday night? OK, I'm reaching.
Big wild 2OT win for Mavs at Bulls thanks to Monta's 38. I have Mavs in West Conf finals.
KD (27 in 30 mins) looked pretty good in his return. But AD and Co. just too good at home.
When Kobe has more assists (13) than shot attempts (11), Lakers capable of winning by 10 in Detroit, as did tonight.
Most crucial "winning" plays for Cavs tonite as rallied past Jabari, Bucks were made by  Mike Miller. He'll be a playoff key.
Biggest change for Cavs in 4-game streak: LeBron playing point.10 assts tonite. When wants to, can be NBA's best PG, better than CP3.
Good move by LeBron: Quit doing pregame powder-toss (at least for now) he borrowed from MJ.
I still have Brady over ARodg for MVP. Away games also count in this race. See ARodg at Sea, New Orleans, Det. No, I won't r-e-l-a-x.
Stephen A ridiculing the Cowboys' many Decembers to (Mis)Remember. BUT HE WILL NOT PREDICT THEY WILL MISS THE PLAYOFFS.
If 4-13 OKC goes 45-20 rest of way, it would equal Mavs' 49-33 8th seed record last yr. Imagine OKC as scariest 8th seed ever.
Welcome back, Kevin Durant. Hope foot stays completely healed. This surgery can be tricky.
Floyd May (or May not) weather is really a tough guy  on Instagram.
LOVE what Pacquiao posted about Mayweather: "Quit throwing punches on Instangram and let's get in the ring." Floyd won't b/c he's SCARED.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/YQYskGrRcF
Join Stephen A and me 10-12E, ESPN2.
Trent Dilfer/Steve Young say Hoyer should keep his job. Stephen A and I debate that, Rex's bizarre strategy, if Cowboys will fold in Dec.
Still doubt Tennehill is a long-term answer but led 2 nice 4th-quarter drives, kept Miami's playoff hopes afloat.
Vick would've won that game for the Jets. But what would it really have mattered?
I want to see Manziel play but getting thrown into playoff-chase fire vs Andrew Luck then Cincy tough duty for kid who has barely played.
Stephen A says COWBOYS would have best chance of beating Packers in playoffs at Lambeau. I'm only worried about Thurs nite at Soldier Field.
The Patriots would beat the Packers by at least two touchdowns on a neutral field.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/ZJVCqvBIde
10-12E, ESPN2: Stephen A and I debate just how good the "baaad man" was at Lambeau. Should/will Manziel start? Mike Tomlin in trouble?
Wait, the same Packer team we just watched got blown out at Seattle and New Orleans and managed only 7 points at Detroit???
Congrats to Packers &amp; their fans. This time Pats must row-row-row their boat gently down the loser's stream. But at a neutral SBowl site 
ARodg's performance didn't surprise me. Always plays great at home (except in playoffs). But GB's defense amazed me vs Brady.
For NE the killer play came late in 1st half when Jordy broke loose on blown coverage and made it 23-14.
So this game came down to a beautiful Brady throw that Gronk looked like he had but maybe didn't control long enough. Worth a challenge.
HAVE to blitz on that play. If you let him just stand back there, he'll obviously find somebody. No guts, no glory.
Pats will need to force a turnover to win this game.
To be fair, Pats got a break on call on Edelman.
Hark, a Packer punt.
How do you not call that blatant push off on Adams? Refs caught up in Lambeau-mania too.
Pats getting no pressure on ARodg; Pack getting more and more pressure on Brady.
McCarthy a play-calling wizard that half and ARodg deadly on the run.
Horrendous breakdown on that play. Psychological crusher after Pats had seized momentum at 16-14. Now D must be MUCH better 2nd half.
Terrible spot after offensive interference should've been called on Jordy Nelson.
Not Blount. Not Gray. Not Vereen. BOLDEN has 2 power runs, 2nd for 13-7? Guess Belichick thought if Ole Miss hot on Saturday 
Two nice rainbows from Aaron Rodgers, the second for 13-0.
Pats should've gone for it on 4th and short.
Pats should go for this.
Two cheap calls against Browner, two Packer field goals.
Finally Manziel gets late chance vs tough Bills D in Buffalo. Responded w/ 8-play, 80-yd TD drive. Browns should stick w/ him. Won't.
What a gutsy rally by Philip Rivers and his Chargers vs hot Ravens in Balt. Here they come, Broncos.
SEC West: deepest college football DIVISION I've ever seen. Just destroyed each other. Had nation's best 4 teams at season's start.
At home Bama gives up 630 yds &amp; 44 pts and basically blows out Aub thanks to BlakeSims going from 3-INT goat to 4-TD-pass hero. Wow: 55-44.
Key for Pats at GB: LaFell, Brady's top target last 4 games. Hurt shoulder late vs Det. Will he be able to play? Be more than decoy?
Cowboys D plays best when it plays good-scared, fears getting exposed, overachieves. Did not play "crazed" early vs Philly. Got embarrassed.
Cowboys have lost 3 straight at home thanks to Romo's 2 worst QBRs of season and Weeden's pathetic 7.5 QBR (0-100) vs Ariz. Home sour home.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/CZh5jgjmY8
I am not running from Stephen A. Smith. I will be there 10-12E, ESPN2 to withstand his verbal abuse. I will give as much as I get.
Seattle is BACK and again a threat to win the NFC. Eagles, here come the Seahawks.
This was just one of those days.
Do not give up on this team, Cowboy fans. It's 5-0 on the road with 3 of last 4 on the road. JerryWorld: home-field disadvantage.
Congrats to Mark Sanchez and the Eagles. You beat the stuffing out of my Dallas Cowboys in every way possible.
The thought of having to deal with Stephen A. Smith for TWO HOURS tomorrow 10-12E, ESPN2 just makes me sick.
Romo throwing punts.
Now Romo's getting gun-shy under a rush that's beginning to destroy the offensive line.
This is painful to watch.
So DeMarco finally getting untracked and you toss sweep with Lance Dunbar on 3rd and 3???
Great Salvation Army spot with DeMarco Murray. Highlight of the Cowboys' day so far.
Cowboys defense played like it had its Thanksgiving feast BEFORE the game.
Jason Witten, Terrance Williams: zero catches.
Cowboys held Chip Kelly's offense to 3 and 24 pts last yr. 23 at half. Eagle D has allowed 30th most passing yards. Romo: only 87. Ugly.
Unreal. Surreal. Sorry, Cowboy fans, that's it. Just the Eagles' day  every bounce and break.
Barry Church blows up fair catch, early snap/sack  so far Cowboys just aren't ready to play game of this magnitude.
Typical Sanchez fumble, lucky Eagle recovery  17-7. Feels like it's just the Eagles' day. Refs seem to agree.
Dez got interfered with AGAIN and still caught it to set up 14-7. Now, how bout just a little defense?
So far, nightmarish.
OUTRAGEOUS UNCALLED PASS INTERFERENCE!
Great start for the Eagles. Shockingly poor start for a Cowboys D that played so well vs Eagles both times last year.
Nice win by Det coming from 14-3 down vs bad Bears D. Boiled down to this: Stafford had Megatron (he's back!) and Cutler did not.
If you missed this, it will get you ready for watching today's games: http://t.co/atvEN8iMUU
STEPHEN A AND I ARE ABOUT TO MAKE OUR NFL PICKS LIVE 10-12E, ESPN2. JOIN US. HAPPY THANKSGIVING.
Join us tomorrow 10-12E, ESPN2 to get you ready for Bears-Lions, Eagles-Cowboys, Seahawks-Niners. HAPPY THANKSGIVING.
I'm sure you all can relate to this on Thanksgiving: http://t.co/atvEN8iMUU
Give me Jay Cutler over Matthew Stafford any Sunday.
Mayweather insisting on a REMATCH CLAUSE if fights Pacquiao??? Obviously afraid he'll lose the 1st fight. Which he would.
I believe RG3 is done in D.C. but definitely not in the NFL.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/B5IhIr8UtP
How to cope watching Thanksgiving football w/ that one relative you want to strangle: http://t.co/atvEN8iMUU
Join Stephen A and me at 10am E, ESPN. Also: ARodg says he and Brady hang out in offseason??? Really???
Is it over for RG3 in Wash? What was RichSherman saying? Will DRose EVER get healthy? IS MAYWEATHER-PACQUIAO ABOUT TO HAPPEN? 10-12E, ESPN2
Steph Curry: Greatest long-distance shooter I've ever seen. Quickest release, sweetest arc and touch. Tonight: Other-worldly.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/VMqr9nBhKj
Stephen A and I react to Manziel incident, to Steve Smith interview, to Rex/Vick future ... and to Ferguson. 10-12E, ESPN2.
Never thought I'd see the day an NFL division leader would be 4-7. But I still believe every division deserves a playoff team.
It's amazing how far the Saints have fallen at home. Drew Brees just isn't Drew Brees any more.
Saving my thoughts on the Manziel incident (which occurred at 2:36 a.m.) for tomorrow's show, 10am E, ESPN2.
Even at 35, Steve Smith Sr. is an amazing little dynamo of a man and the Panthers dearly miss his spirit and play-making.
T.J.Housh back in tomorrow and Weds to mix it up with Stephen A and me 10-12E. We're also LIVE Thurs and Friday 10-12, ESPN2. Join us!
LeBron now tied for 2nd in NBA turnovers. Must clean up his act before criticizing younger teammates.
Just a guess: Jay Gruden would prefer to go with Colt McCoy over RG3 but not sure the owner will sign off on it.
Lynn Swann's Super Bowl catches had far more impact but in a vacuum, I can't remember an NFL catch better than Odell Beckham Jr's.
Next Sunday at Lambeau, Aaron Rodgers will be the 2nd best QB on the field and the Packers will not bully the visitor. They will lose.
The Dallas Cowboys are going to beat the Eagles (b/c Cowboys have better QB, RB, WR, line and D) and they are going to win the NFC East.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/r4JHDj84WR
Join Stephen A and me 10-12E, ESPN2. This could get crazy.
NOW do you think Cowboys are better than Eagles? Odell catch greatest EVER? NE&gt;GreenBay? Should RG3 be benched? Mayweather still running???
Cannot wait to see my man Stephen A. Smith (who predicted Giants over Cowboys) tomorrow at 10 a.m. E, ESPN2.
Happy early Thanksgiving, Cowboy fans. I love you all.
How 'bout that Tony Romo?
BRING ON MARK SANCHEZ AND THE EAGLES.
NOW I finally feel great about this game. I predicted Cowboys 31, Giants 29, but I will take 31-28.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!
This game should be over.
Now, for Dallas, it's all about pass rush on Eli.
Still a ton of time for a hot Eli.
I haven't felt good about this game from the start, and I'm sorry, I still don't.
I cannot believe, with Beckham out and a chance to put game away, Romo floated poor 3rd-down pass, then D let Eli go 93 for lead.
Wow, never heard a ref say an NFL player flopped. Love it.
I believe Terrance Williams and Cole Beasley are eligible receivers.
The Cowboys are in the wrong place on the wrong night.
That could've been a turning point. Now it feels like a point of no return.
They'll give this to NY.
My Cowboys are now in big, big trouble.
How did Beckham reach back over his head and snag a deep ball WITH JUST HIS FINGERTIPS OF ONE HAND?!
That was an IMPOSSIBLY INCREDIBLE catch by rising star Odell Beckham Jr. Easily best of this season. 1 of greatest ever. AND IT WAS PASS I!
"Good" Eli is back and unconscious. Beckham on way to outdazzling Dez. I knew it.
Hope Dan Bailey didn't just get concussed on that kickoff tackle.
I know JHanna had caught only 1 pass all year but if Romo had led him just a little instead of making him stop, might still be running.
I must admit, I don't have a great feeling about this game.
Seems like months since the Dallas Cowboys played a football game. I'm so ready. Hope they are. This will be tough.
C.J. Anderson goes Jonas Gray, comes from (relatively) nowhere to save Peyton from disastrous home loss to Dolphins.
Seattle D suffocated Drew Stanton's offense. SF's schedule easier but still like Seahawks to make playoffs.
Rookie LT often didn't give RG3 much time, but RG3 still mostly looked lost - guessing he has lost his job. D played well enough to win.
Hey, Green Bay: It won't be such a "laugher" for ARodg a week from today at Lambeau. Here comes THE best quarterback in the NFL.
Jonas Gray seems like good guy who was taught humiliating lesson by Belichick. Benched entire game. But you just  can't  oversleep.
Minitron (Julian Edelman) outplays Megatron (Calvin Johnson) as Lions fail to score a TD vs Pats.
As predicted here, Pats put game in Brady's hands vs Det.: 53 passes (for 349 yds) vs only 20 runs. Just hope LaFell isn't too hurt.
Congrats to Josh Gordon on big return. You have Hall of Fame-type ability, kid. Now honor it, wise up, live up to it.
Congrats to Brian Hoyer for amazing game-winning FG drive w/ :49 left. But they'd be even better w/ Manziel. Hope they free Johnny by trade.
Ho hum: Without benefit of a turnover, Pats put up 24 points on 238 yards in 1st half vs Detroit's No. 1 D  w/ Jonas Gray benched!
Pacman taunting Floyd, saying he's ready. Floyd obviously is NOT.
I'll say it again: NO WAY FLOYD MAYWEATHER JR. WILL FIGHT MANNY PACQUIAO BECAUSE HE'S AFRAID HE WOULD LOSE AND GET HURT.
You watching this, Floyd? You sweating? You thinking, "No way I'm going to risk losing to Pacquiao"? Thought so.
Algieri withstood astonishing punishment for 12 rounds and finished on his feet -- a tribute to him.
Pacq DOMINATES a much bigger and tough customer. If this had been football, it would've been 55-3.
Pacq continues to rat-a-tat-tat away on Alg's face, which is badly bruised and swollen. Amazing he's still conscious.
Alg goes down AGAIN but keeps getting up, shaking it off. Pacq putting on a CLINIC. Alg trainer now letting him "out of cage."
As Alg trainer predicts 10th or 11th rd knockout, Alg dropped again. Fight close to stopped but Alg has huge heart.
I predicted Pacq by TKO in 8 but Alg hanging in, though lost R8 and in huge hole.
Alg comes back strong. Man has guts. But Pacq tags him again, wins R7.
Pacq PUNISHES Alg in R6. 2 knockdowns though both questionable. But big 10-8 round.
Alg finally starts BOXING. wins close R5. But Pacq looks determined.
Pacq easily in R4. Alg playing mostly duck-and-run. Is he saving it for later? He'll need a KO.
Slight edge to Pacq in R3. Alg just doesn't punch much, slow-handed. Pacq more focused than has been last couple years.
Pacqi easily wins R2, 10-8, thanks to cheap knockdown that was more slip down.
Pacq easily wins R1. Far more aggressive. Quicker, more athletic than Alg.
Algieri: 4 inches taller, 5 inches more reach, 6 more pounds - looks so much bigger. But Pacquiao looks and sounds READY.
Jameis and Co do it AGAIN, win late vs traditional giant-killer Boston College 20-17. Don't win impressively but I'm still impressed.
Wizards acknowledge they went right at Kevin Love. He played poor D in shadows in Minn. Now playing poor D in national spotlight.
New behavior for LeBron: Not hustling back on D when doesn't get call in games Cavs losing. Sometimes looks less mature than teammates.
JGruden criticizes RG3 again: "Audition's" over, clock's ticking. Obviously true. BUT NOW COACH TALKING EVEN MORE THAN RG3. Just go play.
Wasn't it co-coach and father figure LeBron whose rookie turnover cost Cavs the game vs Spurs? Simply lost handle dribbling up court!
If I were LeBron's teammates I'd already be sick/tired of him talking down to us thru media. I'd think, "It's always going to be OUR fault."
Sea 20, Ariz 10. Atl 24, Clev 23. Cincy 24, Hou 20. Den 35, Mia 13, GB 45, Minn 7. McCown 30, Cutler 28.
Pats beat Den by 22 mostly throwing, then Indy by 22 mostly running. Detroit best in NFL vs run. Time for Brady. Pats 24-13.
Eli capable of going from 5 INTs to 5 TDs vs Dal. This will be NY's "playoff game." Should've beaten SF. But Cowboys better on road: 31-29.
I still believe in RG3: Wash 20, SF 17. I know, crazy. But this QB and this team are CAPABLE. SF just 2-2 at new home. Seattle on Thurs.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/iZQYOYpekB
Huge NFL weekend. I'm ready with my upset picks. RG3 over Niners? Stephen A and I debate biggest games and Pacq fight 10-12E, ESPN2.
Adrian Peterson finally speaks, powerfully. Wish he had done so earlier, to Goodell. Stephen A and I discuss 10am E, ESPN2.
Correction: Read several places last week Latavius related to DeMarco Murray. Assumed true b/c run so similarly. They're not related.
Good for the Raiders, finally winning one, beating div rival KC in Oak rain. Crushing loss for Chiefs after beating Seattle.
Tomorrow on First Take: Cowboys-Giants, Cards-Seahawks, Lions-Pats, LeBron vs. Blatt, RG3-Niners, early Pacqiao KO? 10-12E, ESPN2.
DWade is out and Clips starting to click after slow start. But at home Heat should put up a little better fight than 110-93. Just sorry.
How bout them RAIDERS?! Go up 14-0 on KC as DeMarco's brother Latavius goes 90 for a TD.
RIP Mike Nichols, all-time great director of one of my all-time favorites, The Graduate.
ARodg does yuk it up way too much during home blowouts. What goes around  Remember, he's 1-3 in playoffs since SBowl w/ 2 home losses.
RG Me managed to attract more attention w/ his "Belichick" answers than he did w/ post game answers about teammates.
Kevin Love isn't nearly as good as Chris Bosh, who made a lot of clutch shots for LeBron.
Tim Duncan proved again last night he's NBA's best big man - as scorer, passer, rim protector, shot-changer, leader. Pure greatness at 38.
Spurs night/day different from last year. Then, led NBA in 3-pt shooting, played only decent D. Now: No. 1 in D and 24th in 3-pt shooting.
Rooting for Spurs, I would've been much more worried if LeBron had gotten ball to Kyrie for last shot. Kyrie should be the closer.
End of last nite's game just like end of G6 two yrs ago. 3 late LeBron turnovers. But this time, no Ray Allen to take LeBron off hook.
Please, no Blatt excuses. LeBron chose to "go home" after Blatt was hired. Didn't meet w/ him for a month. LeBron is unofficial coach.
I thought NE was in trouble when it lost Stevan Ridley. Now, w/ LBlount back, NE has as potent a 1-2 punch as there is: JGray/LBlount.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/13iN5megGZ
Also: How much better does LBlount make Pats? Eagles upset ARodg laughed so much during their game? RG3's "Belichick" answers??? 10-12E. E2.
Saving lots of thoughts on LeBron for 10am E. Stephen A joins me from Cleveland. How much blame does LBJ deserve? Blatt? Kevin Love?
This time LeBron didn't have Ray Allen to bail him out.
I'm actually disappointed. Really wanted to see if LeBron could've made a Last-Second Shot for the home crowd. I doubt it but 
Hey, at least LeBron raised his hand to take the blame for simply losing the handle and ball, blowing last-sec chance to win the game.
That was NOT A FOUL.
This should be Kyrie's shot.
Manu time.
LeBron James has 13 points with 3:44 left and the Cavs are still up 1.
At this point I'm not sure the Spurs are THAT interested in winning this game.
Spurs lucky to be w/in 3. TParker, Ginobili in un-attack mode - 2 pts each. Just weird. Cavs 6-2 in threes. Too cold in Clev for Spurs?
Pop: revealing and insightful as always in between-quarters interview.
The reason the Spurs lead by only 3 is that last year's NBA best 3-point shooting team remains in early-season slump. So far: 0-3 from 3.
That first quarter was a passing CLINIC by the NBA's best passing team, the San Antonio Spurs.
Weird LeBron already complaining about playing too many minutes. Isn't he unofficial coach? Just take yourself out, big guy.
The player who needs to take it up a notch if the Spurs are going to win at Cleveland is  Tony Parker vs. Kyrie.
LeBron fortunate tonite Spurs' devastating 2nd "platoon" from last yr missing firepower: 1) PattyMills 2)Tiago (who also starts) 3) MarcoB.
So now LeBron again faces the team that sent him home in search of more help by beating him in the NBA Finals BY A RECORD MARGIN.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/s2y7ZMaFqh
Join us 10-12E, ESPN2. We also predict tonight's Spurs-at-Cavs and discuss LeBron's issue with his minutes. Join us!
Hot show 10-12E: Stephen A and I react to APeterson and Tiger issues, to Magic comparing ARodg w/ LBird, to Okafor, Ky, best NBA big man.
I doubted Calipari would stick w/ "platoon" for long or that Ky could go unbeaten. But watching Ky destroy KU, my opinions might change. WOW
Tim Duncan still NBA's best big man. DeMarcus Cousins has a chance to be if can keep maturing, harness emotions.
Early feeling: Okafor will be better pro than Wiggins, Jabari, JRandle. But Embiiid has more upside. More explosive, competitive edge.
Love what I'm seeing early in freshman Okafor. Such a mature, poised low-post game and defensive presence. Dare I say Duncan-esque?
Sorry no show today because of college basketball marathon. Looking forward to tomorrow. So much to discuss.
Pitt toughs out comeback win @Tenn. Ben a warrior. LBell outdoes NE's JGray: 35 touches, 222 yards.
Cavs lifeless in home loss to Denver - obviously looking ahead to the San Antonio Spurs' visit on Wednesday night.
Mark Sanchez has now replaced Tony Romo as NFC E's biggest Accident Waiting to Happen.
With Manziel at QB, Browns would win the division.
Seattle beat KC everywhere but final score. Failed on 2 late 4th downs. Has lost "it" factor. But still can't believe won't make playoffs.
Broncos have their issues but still not sold on KC or battered SD to dethrone them in division.
Not only is RG3 playing his way out of DC, but he's TALKING his way out. Blamed himself for TBay loss but couldn't help blaming EVERYBODY.
At this moment I believe NE will win at Green Bay a wk from Sunday b/c NE is a much better TEAM with a little better QB.
Pats held Indy's No.-1 ranked offense, in its dome, 137 yds below its average. Pats ran wild, controlled clock, Indy couldn't run.
Indy entered last nite 9th vs run, allowing 98 yds a game. Pats went for 244 after rushing for 234 in playoff blowout of Colts. Belichicked.
Cowboys are NFL's last undefeated road team at 4-0. JerryWorld now like a neutral site for them. But will beat Philly at home.
Packers have turned into Saints North. Invincible at home, averaging 43.1 per game. Vincible on road, averaging 22.2 (below even TBay!).
Today's podcast: http://t.co/gga0iCmotW
Better now: Pats or Pack, Eagles or Cowboys, Broncos or Chiefs, Cards or Niners/Hawks? Top 4 college? Kobe?! We debate 10-12E, ESPN2.
Can't wait to debate Brady-Luck, ARodg-Sanchize, Eagles/Cowboys, Ariz-Det &amp; college playoffs tomorrow 10-12E, ESPN2. See you then.
The New England Patriots prove once again they're the NFL's best team. But the schedule just gets tougher.
Leave it to Belichick to go find the NFL's best new power back, Jonas Gray, who turned Indy about 50 shades of black and blue.
And I thought the Pats would miss LeGarrette Bount.
And I thought Pats would miss Stevan Ridley.
GRONK, still furious over 15-yard excess-blocking penalty, just took it out on Indy w/ NFL'S PLAY OF THE DAY. Would not be denied TD.
Surprised Belichick challenged.
Close but they will give Fleener that catch.
Never imagined I'd witness Tom Brady go Jay Cutler in a big Sunday night road game. Ernestine keeps telling me, "He's HUMAN."
Nice fade by Luck. But that's on Brady. NFL's best QB-sneaker on third/short checks to Gronk deep, rushed, INT. Just awful.
Unbelievably dumb decision by the NFL's best QB.
Revis just made a Revis play.
So far Brady struggling to zero in on Colts pass D while Luck doesn't appear to be at all confused by Belichick.
So far Colts doing effective job of blitzing/bothering Brady. So far Luck has enough time to read the entire Indy phone book.
Time for Manziel in Cleveland?
The bomb Cutler unleashed to BMarshall was NFL's Throw of Day. Why it's so hard to let go of him. But of course, 2 more INTs.
Uh-oh, Pack fans, your entire kicking game has gone south.
Drew Stanton hit/miss vs tough Det D. But Ariz D shut down Det - allowed only 262 yds, 2 FGs. Ariz 3-game div lead! LEGIT.
Uh-oh, Eagle fans, looks like Sanchize has turned back into the Accident Waiting to Happen he was with the Jets.
Uh-oh, Pack fans, looks like your placekicking has gone south.
Safe to say the Dallas Cowboys now tied for NFC E lead. Thanks, ARodg!!! Now I'm back off bandwagon, esp when NFL's Best QB visits in 2 wks.
Mark Sanchez managed to throw a Pick 6 AND get a 15-yard penalty on the same play. Only Sanchize could pull that off.
ARdog badly underthrew JNelson on open deep route, then took obvious grounding. Is ARodg going to take the rest of the night off?
Come on, Masthay, concentrate!
What a throw by ARodg and tight-rope TD two-step by Jordy.
WOO-HOO! Pack 17, Sanchez 0.
Attaboy, ARodg.
Must say should've been helmet to helmet flag on sack of Sanchez.
Come on, ARodg. Should've cashed that in for seven points.
You're the man, Aaron Rodgers. Go, Pack, go. #PackersRollCall
I have no idea what to make of the Bengals or the Saints or of the Bengals soundly beating the Saints IN NEW ORLEANS 27-10.
Shocker: Rams do a Seattle-in-Super-Bowl on Peyton, hold him to only 7 points w/ 2 INTs. Big break for NE, KC, SD.
FSU rallies, survives, again. You might not like Jameis and Co. but you have to respect what they keep doing. Clutch bunch.
MissSt outgained Bama 428 to 337 but couldn't overcome safety, overturned fumble, overthrown TD pass, poor punting, 3 INTs,  Lost only by 5.
Blake Sims saved that game for Bama with his two 3rd-down escapes on clinching drive and his zero turnovers to Dak's three INTs.
MissSt would've won that game if the replay ref hadn't been swept away by the Tide at Ala and OVERTURNED THE CALL ON THE FIELD. Fumble!
Just a disastrous first half for Dak Prescott, Josh Robinson, Dan Mullen and MissSt.
That was obviously a FUMBLE.
Home cooking. Replay ref got swept up by the Tide. That's it. Game over.
The ball did NOT cross the goal line.
MissSt's only hope: Force a turnover. This D capable.
Now MissSt playing/coaching scared. This could get ugly.
Bad sign when you have to go to your backup punter in 2nd q. MissSt teetering, self-destructing in field-position battle.
Bad throw by Dak, with plenty of time. He's better than that. That was MissSt's chance to seize momentum. Lost it again.
Did Mullen just punish Josh Robinson by going with Holloway that series? Surely he didn't need any rest. He has carried 1 bad time.
What a remarkably unsmart play by a very good player, Josh Robinson. Early killer for MissSt.
Do not relax tomorrow, Aaron Rodgers. Reload, fire away at Eagles. Make MVP case. Go, Pack, go.
Nice to hear LeBron say Kyrie encouraged him to be more aggressive in last nite's 4th quarter. Maybe they ARE making peace, figuring it out.
If you missed my column on Andrew "Lock," please read: http://t.co/4S3nBlycAh
LeBron finally gets serious w/ Celts who got blown out at home by no-KD, no-RW OKC, rallies Cavs from 14 down to 1-pt win despite missed FT.
Hey @aaronrodgers12: You're the best, man. Rooting for you Sunday. How about 7 TD passes in the 1st half? Go, Pack, go.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/zSH1qEGdf1
From here on when DRose gets hurt, ppl naturally will wonder just how hurt he is - or if he's saving himself for life after basketball.
TimDuncan now 3x more valuable than Kobe. Still best rim protector, elite rebounder and passer, clutch shooter, THE leader of THE best team.
For last 3 yrs Tim Duncan took half market value, only 10 mil a yr, so Spurs could build champ team. Why didn't Kobe (23.5 mil) do this?
Amazed ppl disrespecting MissSt. Dak even better than Cam was at Auburn. He'll make couple more plays than BlakeSims. MissSt 30-27.
Aaron Rodgers is (for now) my favorite QB. Great guy, NFL's baaadest man. Don't let me down, ARodg. Annhilate those Eagles. Thanks!
No way Luck throws 3 or 4 INTs vs Pats this time. He will play well. Brady will play even better. Pats are just a little better: 31-29.
The one thing I do NOT like about Andrew Luck: http://t.co/4S3nBlycAh
Join Stephen A and me 10-12E, ESPN2 on a great Friday to debate NFL and NBA.
Now what's going on w/ DRose??? Why is Andrew Luck already Andrew Lock? Why I now LOVE ARodg. Why TDuncan 3x more valuable than Kobe. 10-12E
Looked like DRose hurt his ankle, again, though trainers didn't even check it out. You could hear groans all the way from Chicago.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/pfWe19HE9e
If Heat going to be as good as I think, DWade must get more selfish and assertive in 4th qs. 8 pts on 7 shots in 4th wasn't enuf last nite.
If Kobe committed to being a Laker for life, he must get used to being Greatest Sideshow on Earth. The ring can no longer be the thing.
Once more: Floyd Mayweather is afraid of Manny Pacquiao. Period. End of story.
Bob Arum said what I keep saying: Mayweather doesn't want to fight Pacquiao. Arum: If you can't see that now, you'll never see it.
Join us 10-12E, ESPN2.
Stephen A and I are about to debate Pats-Colts, if Dez will leave Dallas, Blake's Vegas incident, if Kobe will demand trade, Pacq-Floyd.
Tomorrow, 10am E, ESPN2: Stephen A and I will discuss the misdemeanor battery charge In Las Vegas against Blake Griffin.
Who needs KD or RW? OKC outscores Celts in Boston 67-43 2nd half. RegJax, Morrow each score 28. Really, Boston?
Hibbert gets some revenge at Mia w/ 16 and 15 in close win. Bosh comes up small: 3-13 for just 9 pts and TWO rebounds. Sorry loss.
Maybe Duncan, Ginobili PLAYED back to back on road b/c on mission to win 1st back-to-back titles. Go, Spurs, go.
Surprised Pop let TD, Manu play tough road backtrack. But they asked to b/c wanted to put Warriors back in their place. Did they ever.
I would not want Incognito on my team and I'm surprised Denver even considered him.
Kobe looked shockingly good last nite for 19th-year player coming off 2 major injuries. Went Mamba on Memphis last 5 mins. Great to see.
DRose holding Bulls fans hostage. Teases them w/ occasional glimpses of former greatness. Acts like doing 'em favor even to do that.
DRose, who made 34 mil for playing 10 games last 2 yrs, now more interested in protecting legs for after-basketball life. Just sickening.
Feel sorry for Chicago. DRose, blessed w/ so much ability, wants to be paid like superstar but doesn't want to pay price to BE a superstar.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/AHRXWT3epQ
Stephen a and I are about to debate Kobe's "record" and game and DRose's astounding comments. Plus: Incognito, Bieber. 10-12E, ESPN2.
Kobe VINTAGE in nearly leading Lakers back at Memphis where he got hurt last yr. Only wish JHill had passed to Kobe for tying 3 attempt.
I'm with MissSt 1, FlaSt 3, TCU 4. But OREGON 2? OVER ALABAMA? Nonsense. Oregon (awful D) lost at home to 2-loss Ariz. Ala lost at Miss.
Brandon Mebane is a HUGE loss for Seahawks, significantly hurts chances in NFL's toughest div. Like Pats losing Wilfork last year.
Anyone notice Eagles had only 37 yds rushing on 23 tries last nite? If that happens to Sanchez at Green Bay, look out below.
KevinLove leads Cavs in 3s (49) but has only 54 2s, 4th on team. Now little more than spot-up shooter. How long will Kevin LOVE that?
Something very wrong w/ Blake and DeAndre. Clippers last in rebounding &amp; 2nd-chance pts and 26th in pts in paint. Very little fire/desire.
Spurs, in awful 3-pt shooting slump, literally stole one at Clips last nite w/ 6 steals in 4th, 3 by Kawhi, who TOOK OVER on both ends.
StephenA often calls TonyRomo an accident waiting to happen. But an even bigger one is MarkSanchez, now QB of StephenA's pick to win NFC E.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/OTgTO7VBps
10-12E, ESPN2: Will Sanchez keep this up? Eagles better w/ him? How much is Cam's fault? Cavs fixed? Stephen A and I debate. Join us!
Perspective on 38-7: Mark Sanchez is a little more talented than Foles but still capable of falling apart. And Eagle D can still be had.
What a sad sight the Cam and his Panthers have become.
LeBron 32 points, 10 assists. Kyrie 32 points, nine assists. Figuring it out.
BIG Big 3 game for Cavs. LeBron triple double. But Kyrie explosion in 3rd and 3 Love 3s in 4th were the crucial points.
SF has easiest schedule in NFC W. But still give Sea slight edge. Ariz won't be quite as explosive w/ Drew Stanton. Prety not very good.
Edge to DeMarco over Marshawn, who now benefits from read option run so well by RWilson. No tricks w DeMarco. Power AND speed.
This is getting closer but still give slight edge to Megatron over Dez b/c has done it longer. But Dez better after catch. Runs ANGRY.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/xqS8z0cNey
Given expectations for this Bears team and its QB, this might be the lowest moment in team history, down 42-0 at half to arch rival Packers.
Seahawks finally break loose, run-run-run wild vs NYGiants, win 4th q 21-0. Should bode well for DeMarco 2 wks from tonight at NYG.
Cards EXPLODE without Carson Palmer, make statement they'll be just fine if he's out. Super Bowl, remember, is in their stadium.
Drew Stanton immediately goes deep to NFL's best new circus-catcher, John Brown.
Carson Palmer carted off. Looked like knee buckled. Drew Stanton played pretty well earlier this year but CP has played very well.
I had Dolphins upsetting Lions. But great goal-line stand by Lions, then sweet throw/catch Stafford to Riddick pulled it out for home team.
49ers survive thanks to terrible interference call on Jimmy Graham.
The Dallas Cowboys are back in business going into bye. They are going to win the NFC East.
Today I was just glad the Jaguars didn't draft Manziel, as they should have.
OUTRAGEOUS OFFENSIVE PASS INTERFERENCE ON JIMMY GRAHAM COSTS SAINTS THE WIN. That was just typical hand-fighting. Cox flopped.
What a blitz-beating spin and throw by Drew Brees to Jimmy Graham for TD. Saints back in it.
Even JRandle gets into the act. Cowboys offensive line is healthy again and DOMINATING.
Romo looked stiff early, couldn't turn into throws, lost velocity. But his back loosened up 2nd q, started cutting loose. Good sign.
Dez said he felt like he was "flying" in London practices. Maybe Cowboys should start playing home games there. MegaDez!
Dez in beast mode.
Michael Vick is looking like Atlanta Vick so far vs hot Steelers. Jets, 17-0.
God save the Queen and a decimated Dallas D. Looks like it will be a long night in London.
Early MVP leader: Steph Curry.
Still can't quite grasp why Pop went w/ Aron Baynes instead of Duncan on AD, who drove for winning layup. Grooming Baynes for playoffs???
Not sure I've ever seen a wilder emotional swing in a football game than the 1 Utah's Kaelin Clay gave Oregon by dropping ball at 1 yd line.
Blake Sims showed me something in final FG drive and w/ fade for winning TD in Death Valley. Saved Bama's season. Congrats, young man.
I had LSU winning close. Thought Yelden fumble set up pretty easy winning TD but cheap unsportsmanlike on LSU forced FG. OB kickoff a killer
Blatant uncalled pass interference in end zone saves Bama in OT at LSU. If it's pass I in 1st q, it's pass I in OT.
I predicted MichSt would score 37. But I had no idea OhSt would score 49. Congrats to JTBarrett and Buckeyes.
SEC West: deepest division I've ever seen in any conf. Best 4 in nation reside there, beat up on each other. Will even 1 make playoffs?
Reverse Destiny: This year's Auburn gives away home game to A&amp;M with late fumble near goal then another early-snap fumble. Out of playoffs.
Thanks to Michigan State for your hospitality. Crazed overflow crowd for our show. Sparty wins tonight.
Cowboys decimated on D, Romo limited. But must win this game and WILL. Run, DeMarco, run.
Cavs went w/ obvious fix last nite I talked about on 1st Take: Let LeBron play point! He's 10 times better at initiating offense than Kyrie
Hate it for Manziel that Hoyer keeps playing so confounded solidly. But I give it up to Hoyer: His Browns are 6-3 after crushing Cincy!
Stunning: Brian Hoyer has turned into what the Bengals thought Andy Dalton was. Tonite: Dalton has gone from game-manager to game-wrecker.
MICHIGAN STATE: We will be there tomorrow 10-12E. Come watch me annihilate Stephen A the way your team will Ohio State.
Jerry clearly pressuring Romo to play. Romo says still sore, seems unsure. Hate this but I'd rather healthy Weeden than iffy, fragile Romo.
LeBron's problem: Kyrie did not grow up idolizing him. Kyrie: All-Star MVP &amp; WCup MVP. Proud. Strong willed. Will not defer or pay homage.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/8uTCpiyf3a
Can't wait to hear was Stephen A has to say about this game, after he dismissed/disrespected Utah on today's show. 10 a.m E, ESPN2.
Kyrie scores 34 - WITH ZERO ASSISTS. LeBron has 4, but Cavs have only 6 assists TOTAL. For now they're the unSpurs. Don't share the ball.
Gordon Hayward loses LeBron, gets off deep three at buzzer -- NOTHING BUT NET. Cavs fall to 1-3.
Good for LeBron having guts to draw foul on three, step up, hit all three free throws to tie.
Spurs survive an Atlanta team that is much better than many people think. Thank you, Manu.
LeBron only occasionally interested so far at Utah. Let Gordon Hayward outplay him in first half. Strange.
I won't be shocked if Vikes wind up releasing APeterson (going on 30) and he's signed short-term by contender. Dallas? NE? Denver? SD?
Tom Brady should be running away w/ MVP right now. Astonishing what he has done since KC 41, NE 14. Last 5: 18 TDs, 1 INT.
The Cowboys MUST BEAT Jax to have successful season and I'm not sure they can beat Jags w/ Weeden at QB and decimated D.
Kobe already leads NBA by far in shots taken. 37 last nite, 1 assist. Great sideshow. HEALTHY. But LAL can't win that way.
As I predicted, LeBron/Kyrie clashing. Kyrie averaged 17.4 shots a game last yr, - more than Westbrook. 17 last nite. Wants ball, shots.
Did LeBron want Kyrie to fail last nite so he could start building him into champ? Whatever, sure looked like LBJ quit playing 2nd half.
Stephen A says LeBron already frustrated w/ Dan Gilbert over TThompson contract (repped by LBJ's guy Rich Paul). Trouble only 3 games in???
Today's podcast: http://t.co/RVNayhVrCa
WHAT WAS UP WITH LEBRON LAST NITE? Kobe's 39 good or bad thing? Should APeterson be allowed to play now? Romo back? 10-12E, ESPN2.
Alabama (now ranked 5th in college football playoff rankings) would beat Oregon (4th) by at least 14 on neutral field. Oregon: 109th in D.
Right now the Houston Rockets are easily the best team in the NBA. For now they're even playing this thing called defense.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/uOaszKXu7f
10-12 E, ESPN2: Why I give Andrew Luck a C+ for last night. Why Jerry didn't want Dez to sign with Roc. Flo Rida joins Stephen A and me.
No way DRC should let little T.Y. take that ball away from him for a TD. Giants losing heart.
Refs are having a really bad night, unfortunately for Giants.
That was outrageously unfair to Giants. It appeared Fleener did NOT have control to ground. But before challenge, quick snap, TD pass. WRONG
Robert Griffin the Third just needs to win a football game. Just one. Just for starters.
Pittsburgh's offense has risen into the same echelon with NE's and Denver's - but not its defense. Not yet.
Now Arizona has the best shot of any team ever of playing a home-stadium Super Bowl. Could go 13-3, have playoff home field.
Loved the nickname Brady used for Edelman: Minitron.
Now that Mark Sanchez, whose psyche took such a beating from NY media, has a week to let it sink in he's the Eagles starter ...
If Romo can quickly get and stay healthy, Cowboys would have a decided edge at QB over Eagles and Sanchez.
In the last five weeks, Brady has risen to No. 1 on my MVP list. 18 TDs to 1 INT. Anything but "washed up."
I can see NE and Denver going 12-4 - tiebreaker to NE, playoff rematch in Foxboro. But now NE is much better built to win at Denver.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/1quIdbxLb2
NE now NFL's best team? Who's in more trouble, Cowboys or Eagles? Mutiny vs. RG3? 49ers robbed? Join Stephen A and me 10-12E, ESPN2.
Now that Ben has found some weapons, and James Harrison is BACK, here come the Steelers.
Antonio Brown, stiff arm, breakaway touchdown. Unreal. Best receiver in football right now.
That's my man TSizzle.
Mean Joe Greene is the greatest Steeler ever, though Terry Bradshaw never gets enough credit for being QB of 4 Super Bowl winners.
Stat of the night II and III: Denver, 3-11 on 3rd down and 0-4 on 4th down. How bout that Patriots D w/ Revis and Browner on corners?
Stat of the night: Denver, 25 yards rushing.
Gronk&gt;AnyTightEnd
Edelman&gt;Welker.
Brady&gt;Peyton.
Anybody remember 5 weeks (or was it years?) ago when Pats lost 41-14 at KC and were going to "miss the playoffs" &amp; Brady was "washed up"?
This is how much respect I have for Peyton Manning: This game is not over.
Never understand going for 2 this early. I say take the easy point, play on. 13:57 left.
Cool play. Brady wanted Gronk to get his TD, so split him out, threw him slant on Von Miller for 1-yard TD.
Huge drop by Welker. Hope he's OK but this is two years in a row he has blown big plays in his ex-home.
Big 3 points with Peyton heating up.
Vintage Peyton.
Sorry, pedal.
Peyton's team lost a 24-0 lead at NE last year. No doubt he would LOVE revenge down 27-7 at half. Petal to metal, Pats.
What a sweet little move away from the rush by Brady before TD pass. Not bad for a 6th rounder who ran one of geekiest combine 40s ever.
Obviously no catch. Second dropped Brady TD pass.
I agree with Phil Simms: Tim Wright should've been called for illegal block on Edelman's punt return.
LaFell has to catch that. Cost 4 points.
With strong wind, Brady BARELY overthrows open LaFell deep. Thought he had shot at making a great catch.
I'm wondering if Chip Kelly has PERMANENTLY rebuilt the confidence of Mark Sanchez.
RG3 misfires on late 4th-down throw, Wash loses at Minn, he fails to do the 1 thing that will win back over teammates - win.
Congrats to 7-1 Arizona. Great on 3rd down and on defense. But it wasn't a fair fight.
Cowboy defense just decimated now losing Rolando and Crawford on top of JDurant. Big, big trouble.
Brandon Weeden played scared all day until last drive when finally just started cutting loose. Too little way too late.
Can't Linehan come up with anything more creative on that play than DeMarco straight up the gut? Haven't been able to run up middle all day.
Just pathetic: DeMarco Murray can't even get a crucial yard against Arizona's defense. Big trouble.
I miss Tony Romo.
Cowboys are going to have to get one big break to win this game.
Brandon Weeden playing more and more on his heels, looking shakier and shakier. 0 catches by Dez and TWill???
Crushing blocked FG. INCREDIBLE TD SAVE by Jason Witten running down Patrick Peterson. Unreal.
Patmon missing Carson Palmer on that 3rd-down bllitz was a killer. Changed the game.
HEY, LINEHAN: More blitz-beating screens, draws, quick slants.
Weird how little rapport former OklaSt teammates Weeden and Dez have. Dez dropped TD pass Mon nite. Early drop today. Wrong-page throws.
At least Cowboys D made Cardinals earn that touchdown. Nothing easy about it.
RG3, after what sounded like locker-room mutiny against him, off to hot start at Minnesota. Good early sign.
Stunner: Undrafted Tyler Patmon pick-sixes Carson Palmer. Maybe this is a good omen for guys from Okla St  like Brandon Weeden.
INT saves MissSt on night Dak hobbled on bad foot, gutted it out, made big plays, kept Heisman lead.
What a terrible, sad play for Ole Miss' Laquon Treadwell. Nearly scored what could've been winning TD. Lost ball as was badly hurt.
Big escape and win by TCU at wVa on last-sec FG. Alive for playoff. Deserved after horrible missed def hold on previous series.
Tony Romo has small cracks in transverse process in back. Bryce Petty played through his, but Romo should rest through Ariz, Jax and bye.
My theory on why Brady's playoff record so much better than Peyton's: http://t.co/hwHLpK5JJ5
Impressive bounce-back, back-to-back road win for LeBron's New Team  but DRose wasn't there when it mattered most for Bulls.
Tristan Thompson won this game by simply wanting offensive rebounds more than the Bulls wanted what should've been defensive rebounds.
I'm starting to think Derrick Rose is never going to stay healthy. Now they say it's his ankle.
How can LeBron not take that shot? Snell can't keep him from the basket or at least the free-throw line.
The Thunder could wind up being the most dangerous 8 seed in NBA playoff history.
Jameis does have a little late-game MJ in him.
Love my Cowboys but don't love this matchup. Ariz: best blitz D, 3rd best run-stop D. Romo will be sore/stiff. Ariz 24-20. Hope I'm wrong.
Right now Denver is better than NE. But in Foxboro, w/ DRevis&amp;Browner at CBs, I'll go Brady 32, Peyton 30.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/zEMUnhDywu
WHY BRADY IS BETTER THAN PEYTON: http://t.co/hwHLpK5JJ5 
Should LeBron get pass for last nite? Who wins, Peyton or Brady? Dallas or Ariz? Does Jameis have some MJ in him? Join SAS and me 10-12 E2.
I can't figure out the Saints or the Panthers. But with a first road win in 5 tries, the Saints are back in business atop South.
Jameis overcomes 3 INTs and 21-0 deficit, finds new freshman weapons, roars back w/ 401 pass yds, again proves big-game greatness.
Wonder how Stephen A will react at 10am tomorrow after trashing his Knicks on today's show? Can't wait.
After one of the uglier performances of his career - 8 turnovers - LeBron is surely relieved to have this night behind him.
Tonight: Melo&gt;LeBron.
I'm guessing DWade and Chris Bosh got a kick out of watching that.
Wow: Jameis opens 2nd half w/ ANOTHER interception but Louisville fumbles it right back.
I'd like to see Carmelo get selfish in the 2nd half and start looking for and taking his shot.
Kevin Love fitting in quickest with 14 points, 9 rebs, 3 assts and couple of sensational outlets.
LeBron obviously trying way too hard to put on a show as Homecoming King. 1-9, 4 turnovers. He'll calm down in 2nd half.
Wow: Now we get to find out just how good Jameis can be. So far: 2 INTs and FSU down 21-0 near half at Louisville vs No. 1 defense.
40 years ago, the "Rumble in the Jungle" was the single most shocking and electrifying sports event I ever watched. Ali WAS the Greatest.
I just hope RG3 isn't feeling pressure to rush back from a serious ankle injury and risk getting hurt AGAIN.
LeBron, now the unquestioned leader of the Cavs, is going to miss the powerful influence of his "big brother" and mentor, DWade.
DWade looked like DWADE w/ 12 late deal-closing points last night and Bosh immediately started living up to his max deal. HEAT AIN'T DEAD.
Shrewd move by LeBron to leave bringing back his pre-tipoff powder toss up to a Twitter vote. Now he can say it was his fans' idea.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/sk771jh63V
TODAY 10-12E, ESPN2: Stephen A and I debate LBJ w/o DWade, Bulls title chances, if SFGiants a dynasty, if RG3 rushing back, LBJ powder toss.
Congrats to the SF Giants, winning Game 7 on the road in a crazy place against a Team of Destiny.
You got the feeling if Bumgarner had started Game 7, he would've gone 9 innings and won 3-0.
Before playoffs I said I'd take Bumgarner over Kershaw. Now you have to start thinking about all-time.
Thought for a second Alex Gordon had a chance to score on ball that went to wall, but probably not w/o bad relay throw.
Madison Bumgarner: Just  too  good.
Bumgarner turning into bummer for Royals and their fans. Can't love their chances in bottom of 9th. Dominating their destiny.
Romo/Linehan/O line failed to beat Skins blitzes one single time. Now comes Arizona, which leads league in blitzes. Lord have mercy.
Justin Durant is a HUGE loss for Cowboys. He was the leading tackler on a defense that has overachieved like crazy.
Feel so sorry for Julius Randle. Broke his leg 13 minutes into NBA career. Hang tough and get well soon, kid.
In a conference finals preview last nite, Spurs beat Mavs w/o 3 of best defenders: Kawhi, Splitter, Patty. Spurs easily NBA's deepest team.
Entering his 10th NBA season, Chris Paul has never even made it to a conference finals. The clock ticks and the pressure mounts.
Tony Parker has won 122 playoff games and 4 rings. CP3 has won 22 and zero rings. CP3 still has much to prove in postseason.
NBA's best point guard is Tony Parker. Underrated penetrator/distributor. Has always made big shots/plays at big moments in biggest games.
If Dwight Howard had 1/10th of Kobe's burning desire to be great, Dwight Howard would already have a couple of rings.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/VnpJY4qQpA
ALSO: Darren Woodson joins Stephen A and me to talk Cowboys' troubles (no JDurant) and Jerry/JGarrett 10-12 E ESPN2.
Who's side you on Kobe vs Dwight? NBA's best PG? (Barkley says TParker!) Should Bumgarner start G7? Peyton or Brady rt now? 10-12 E, ESPN2
Resounding 10-zip statement win for Royals. Like 'em to win G7, even if Bumgarner pitches out of pen. Meant to be.
Spurs outshoot Mavs on Ring Night, thanks to big games from Big 3. Manu Ginobili is still a baaaaaaad man.
The NBA season has BEGUN - and it could be the most intriguing I can ever remember. So glad it's finally here.
Good for selection committee going for 3 SEC West teams in Top 4. Right now I see 4 SEC W teams as 4 best over FSU, TCU, Oregon, ND, KSt.
I can't quit thinking Brandon Weeden would've won that game. But Romo has played great while hurt so many times, had earned right to try.
JGarrett says Jerry didn't order him to put Romo back in, just informed him Romo could go. I sure hope that's what happened on sideline.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/qZNVNrOObp
DWade will be on a watch-this mission to show his great friend LeBron that the Heat CAN win without him.
Thought about Russell Westbrook for MVP, but have to go with the prohibitive favorite, LeBron.
Without Kawhi, Patty and Tiago tonight, Spurs will have a hard time beating my surprise team in West, Dallas.
Kobe will be about 80% of former greatness and Lakers will be pretty good. But can't make case they'll be top 8 playoff team in West.
Rookie Kyle Anderson, born to play for the Spurs, will make them even better than they were last season and be in the RofY debate.
NBA PICKS: Cavs over Heat in East finals. Spurs over Mavs in West. Spurs over LeBron again in six in Finals. Yes, he'll need even more help.
Losing to arch rival at home a perfectly timed "good loss" for Cowboys. Knock 'em off their high horse. Remind 'em MUST PLAY HARD TO WIN.
Colt McCoy is better than Kirk Cousins. JGruden surely sees him as an Andy Dalton. But if RG3 rediscovers confidence, he'll be a STAR.
Justin Durant key loss, reported biceps tear. I've had it: no pain but lose some use of arm. KenNortonJr played SBowl w/ it but just 1 game.
Biggest Cowboy concern: Romo in 11th season looked lost vs max blitzes. Why no quick slants, screens, draws? Skins D DICTATED to Dallas.
MOMENT OF TRUTH: Will Stephen A shame me into losing faith in Romo, Cowboys? We debate everything Dallas-Wash and MAKE NBA PREDICTIONS.
Good news on Romo: Garrett says just a contusion, from the knee Romo took in the back. Not a spinal issue.
Happy for Colt. Good guy, Traveled long, hard NFL road to tonight.
The Dallas Cowboys are still going to win the NFC East.
Easy second guess: Cowboys should've stuck with Weeden. NO. If Romo says he can go, you have to let him try. Has had so many comebacks.
If Dez had hung onto that TD pass from Brandon Weeden 
Colt McCoy just played the game of his NFL life.
Washington deserved to win that game. Outplayed Dallas from the start.
Romo is just out of it. Completely befuddled.
SOMEBODY PLEASE MAKE ONE PLAY, FORCE JUST ONE TURNOVER.
In all my years watching Romo, never seen him more blind to/bothered by the blitz for 4 quarters as he has been tonight. Just surreal.
DEZ DEEP VS. BLITZ.
NOW BEAT THE BLTIZ.
ONE BIG PLAY, TONY ROMO.
WOULD SOMEBODY MAKE ONE PLAY.
Great call by Jay Gruden. Gutsy run by Colt. Dallas coming apart. Disaster looms.
Dez should've caught that TD pass, and he signaled as much to teammates.
All day I had a bad feeling about tonight  as I tweeted.
Now, for the second straight Washington game, Romo's back appears to be injured and the season teeters.
Please, no.
Missed tackle after missed tackle after missed tackle 
Scandrick just saved them twice on repeated third down, letting Brandon Carr off the hook.
Dez: huge talent, HUGE heart.
Right now I would take a 4-3 Cowboys victory.
DeMarco, trying to be a leader, trying to jumpstart his team, trying too hard  another fumble.
Naturally, this is starting to feel nightmarish.
Predictably, Washington is more ready to play than Dallas. "Hopeless underdog."
Colt McCoy looks like he's ready to play the national championship game.
Sure hope Cowboys take Washington seriously enough from the start. "Easiest game on the schedule" is dangerous when it's your arch rival.
After Andrew Luck's pick six yesterday that put his team in 21-3 hole, can we at least delay his Hall of Fame induction for another week?
NFLPA would fight it, but Bears should fine Lamarr Houston for completely unnecessary, self-inflicted celebration injury in blowout.
Tom Brady will beat Peyton Manning next Sunday.
Eagles should've won at Arizona. Didn't. Foles has become the NFC East's accident waiting to happen.
I have no doubt that Colt McCoy, returning to home state w/ low expectations, will make some plays tonight, probably to DeSean.
Dangerous game for Cowboys tonight. I've attended many Dallas-Washington games back to '70s in which hopeless underdog won. Crazy rivalry.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/u9DnRIbMRR
You had better be ready today, Stephen A. Smith.
Did Eagles blow NFC E? ARodg deserve pass for "hamstring"? Brady&gt;Peyton? Ravens robbed? More shocking, Ben or Indy? DEBATE: 10-12E, ESPN2.
Relapse, Packers fans.
Even when Royals hit balls hard off Bumgarner (in Game 1 and tonight), they're right at somebody. Just unbeatable.
No idea why Royals would play infield back, give SF even a 1-0 lead vs. Bumgarner. 2 botched balls made it 2-0. Now feels over.
Relax, Packers fans.
Packers got too cute trying to throw TD pass to Julius Peppers, then ARodg audibling into sack and FG. Should be leading.
Hard to believe the same Steelers who lost 31-10 to Cleveland just won a Big 12 game over Indy 51-34. Ben finally played Big.
Rough day for Andrew Luck: 2 INTs, including pick six. Rougher day for what had been very good Indy D: 51 points, 639 yards (522 passing!).
What a stunning third-down, straight-over-the-head, on-the-dead-run catch that was by rookie John Brown for the winning TD. What a find.
Looked bad for Arizona when Eagles' Jeremy Maclin was able to return from violent collision but Cards' Patrick Peterson could not.
The Dallas Cowboys thank you, Carson Palmer and John Brown, and you, Arizona defense, for coming back then hanging on to BEAT THE EAGLES.
Andrew Luck got a bad ruling on that safety.
Raise your hand if you thought the Steelers would have 42 points and 451 yards with 10 mins left in 3rd q vs Indy. I sure didn't.
Antonio Brown makes ANOTHER great one-hand catch for a TD. Plays so much bigger than he is. Pound for pound, NFL's best receiver.
Ge-no-no-no.
Panthers had chances to be up 21-3 on Sea. KBenjamin should've caught TD pass over RSherman. Cam &amp; Co. just didn't cash enough.
I love Jay Cutler's school but I no longer love Cutler. Off that bandwagon. Just too careless. Not sure if REALLY cares about winning.
Baltimore just got robbed.
On a late jump ball bomb, Steve Smith did NOT deserve offense pass I. Some hand-fighting, but Iloka flopped. Should've been winning TD.
Tom Brady has never been better. Bring on Peyton.
Clutch TD pass by RWilson to LWilson to give Seattle late lead at Carolina.
Astonishing stat: Bears just allowed most first-half points in their HISTORY  38, to Patriots.
Brady, Gronk, Pats run game starting to look ready for next week's home shootout with Peyton.
How can Ole Miss get delay on potential tying FG from 42, making it 47? THEN: How can allow Bo to throw w/ 9 secs left, no time outs???
Incredible botched end to game by Ole Miss, maybe blowing shot at national title. Delay before FG, then dumb INT. Unreal.
Hate Stephen Jones talking publicly about how Cowboys want to reduce DeMarco's carries. More they talk about it, more likely he'll get hurt
Packers celebrate early Mardi Gras at Saints, 38-28, rolling right down Bourbon Street into end zone. Saints will lose game, home mojo.
Ariz will help decide NFC E w/ Philly at home, then at Cowboys. Obviously I'm rooting for an Ariz win, then loss.
NE HAS TO beat Chi w/ Den, Indy, Det, GB, SD coming up. But Chi much better on road. NE wins shootout 33-30.
I give Nash slight edge over Iverson b/c Nash made teammates better while also capable of scoring 30. Iverson was solo act. Both great.
Iverson pound for pound best player ever at 5-11, 165. Little warrior. 4 scoring titles but led NBA in attempts 4 times. Could be gunner.
Nash slightly better than Iverson. 2-time MVP. 4 conf finals. 1 of greatest shooters. 43% 3s (top 10). 90% FTs (1st all time). 5 asst titles
Today's podcast: http://t.co/bgB9Odc1UL
Will Stephen A and I switch SBowl picks to Denver??? Better player: NASH OR IVERSON??? Can Seahawks overcome turmoil, at Car? 10-12E, ESPN2.
The next game for Peyton will be far more difficult: at Brady-borough.
Nationwide isn't the only thing on Peyton's side. Refs seem to be, too.
Now seems like defensive holding is called every other play. After every incompletion, I wait for the away-from-the-play flag.
Now Malcom Floyd gone after great catch. Chargers just can't catch a break. So many injuries.
I'm afraid this game pretty much just ended for the Chargers. Feels like it could be 21-7 pretty soon.
At the moment, at age 38, Peyton Manning is playing quarterback at the highest level anyone has ever played the position.
That was a fumble that would've dramatically changed this game.
Without Brandon Flowers, feels like San Diego will be in the wrong place at the wrong time tonight. Peyton 32, Rivers 17.
Biggest shot of NBA playoffs last yr was late 3 in reg of Game 6 at OKC made by MANU GINOBILI. I still want him taking my biggest shot.
During reg season, I'd want KDurant taking my last shot. But hasn't been so clutch in playoffs. Missed 3 to tie late in Game 6 OT loss to SA
So about 70% of GMs polled says LeBron will win MVP. But only 8% would want him taking last shot. Huh? Great player, no clutch gene.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/K5tJLLq95E
Also, Jeanie Buss joins us 11-1130, ESPN2.
10-12E: We tackle the Russell Wilson controversy, UNC scandal. Cowboys overrated? GMs say LBJ should NOT take last shot?!
Good for the Royals. Magic's back. Hope they can hang on, make this a Series.
Giants sure know how to spoil a KC party. This time Blanco LEADS OFF THE GAME with a silent-night home run to right.
No surprise here: GMs pick Spurs to repeat as champs. Sorry Cavs, Bulls, Clippers, Thunder ...
Sorry, laughable to me Tim Duncan and Kawhi Leonard aren't among top 20 NBA players. TD could've been Finals MVP, KL of last 2 Finals.
As much as I believe in Pats, hard to believe they can win AT Denver in playoffs. As lose more key players, might again lose home-field adv.
I'm with what Jonathan Vilma, former Jet, said on today's show about Geno. He is NOT the long-term answer at QB.
Brian Bosworth, 1 of most polarizing college players ever, spilled guts on today's show. Just riveting. Next Tues at 9 p.m.: His 30 for 30.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/YXwpraY7qp
10-12E ESPN2: We react to Michael Sam, debate Patriot/Saints trouble, Kobe story, Jonathan Vilma joins Stephen A and me.
Disappointed the Cowboys cut Michael Sam from practice squad. Really thought he could eventually help. Such a productive SEC pass rusher.
Our man Michael Rapaport's doc #WhenTheGardenWasEden on NBA's 1st glamor team, the early '70s Knicks, airs tonight at 9 on ESPN.
Cavs issues I see: Will KLove feel more pressure to make fewer shots he gets now? Will LeBron mind Kyrie taking more shots every night:?
If DRose can make 4-5 threes every night, as he did vs Cavs last night, he'll be unstoppable. But capable of 1-10s.
To me, on list of receivers I'd build my team around, Antonio Brown 4th behind Megatron, Dez, DeMaryius. Durable, ret punts, never fumbles.
Romo brought Cowboys back from 21-0 at St.L. Deep to Dez beat Hou in OT. Play of Year at Sea on 3rd&amp;20. 9 for 9 2nd half vs NYG. Unreal.
AT THIS MOMENT, I have Tony Romo tied for 2nd in MVP race w/ Peyton. DeMarco 1st. Romo's 2nd-half &amp; 3rd-down QBR high 90s! Off charts.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/vK9ns6GKu0
Steelers back? Romo or DeMarco higher in MVP race? Will Cavs Big 3 click? Is DROSE all way back? Kobe blasted in story? 10-12E, ESPN2
That onside was almost a disaster for the Steelers. Instead, they go from looking like might get blown out to winning 16th straight MNF.
That's a catch. Steelers about to ice this.
Can't help wondering how much more explosive the Texans would be with Texas native Johnny Manziel at quarterback.
Never thought I'd see the Pittsburgh Steelers resort to a reverse-field lefty pass by receiver to score from the 5 at home.
"Soft" Steelers just hung 24 on Texans in 2:54 near end of half. But w/ Arian, Texans aren't out of this yet. Sure came back at Cowboys.
In first preseason test together, LeBron/Kyrie/Love Cavs clicking quicker than Heatles did. But DRose is back to being DROSE.
Joseph Randle should've been suspended for a game. Now he's profiting from stealing? Underwear endorsement deal? Crime pays?
I still can't believe Seahawks traded Percy Harvin. I've heard all the problems. But he has won wherever he's been. Not same w/o him.
To get in conversation for greatest QB ever, Peyton at least needs to win another SBowl. 11-12 in playoffs. 1-3 in SBowls. Montana 4-0,3MVPs
Even at 38, Peyton Manning just keeps getting better at playing quarterback.
Can't wait to see what DeMarcus Lawrence, 2nd pick in 2nd round, does when healthy enough to join Cowboys in couple wks. CAN RUSH PASSER.
The Cowboys DO NOT miss DeMarcus Ware. So far he's rejuvenated in Denver. He was mostly semi-retired in Dallas.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/Sn7jp8TYtr
Join Stephen A and me 10-12E, ESPN2.
NFL Monday debate: Peyton now greatest ever? Denver-Dallas Super Bowl? Did Seattle blow it trading Harvin? Joseph Randle underwear deal???
I'm rooting against Denver only b/c I'm rooting FOR the Patriots and Chargers. But tonight, for now, Denver looks better than both.
Peyton Manning is  just  too  good.
What a killer bad decision by Kaepernick just when they looked like they had gotten back in the game.
Congrats to the great Peyton Manning for setting the all-time TD pass record. Just think: He wanted to stay in Indy.
Anquan Boldin, who made Flacco much of his $120 mil, didn't do Kaepernick any favors dropped that easy TD pass.
Please tell Stephen A. Smith these Cowboys are an accident waiting to happen to opponents.
Congratulations to DeMarco Murray for eclipsing the season-opening mark of 6 straight 100-yard games by the greatest RB ever, Jim Brown.
The Dallas Cowboys are now 6-1 and 1-0 in the NFC East, which they are going to win.
The Cowboys showed me so much in that final clock-killing FG drive. DeMarco, Romo, Dez. This team is so different than last year's.
Dan Money.
How BOUT them Cowboys?
Still so much time left.
Time to GET AFTER ELI.
What a throw by Romo vs blitz. What a beastly play by Dez Bryant.
FINALLY. The Cowboys went to Church.
Surprised JGarrett didn't go for 4th and short with DeMarco.
Are the Cowboys EVER going to get any heat on Eli?
Now defense needs to make ONE BIG PLAY. Just one.
What a grab by the Other Tight End, in traffic.
Maybe that effort by Dez will ignite this team. Man has so much heart.
Andre Williams DID start losing that ball before whistle should've blown. That should've been a fumble.
Whistle blew. Don't think can win that challenge.
Sorry, Jerry Jones, this week was NO TIME TO SMELL THE ROSES. Both lines getting whipped. Come on, Dallas, let go of Seattle and PLAY.
Romo audibles "Seattle", nobody there. Get rid of that audible.
Now defense must 1) get SOME pressure on Eli and 2) force couple of turnovers. OK, I'll take one.
DeMarco might have scored after busting it outside. But turned his right ankle on pretty simple cut. Hope he can retape, shake off.
Another terrific spin to buy time by Romo before finding TWill for TD.
A good team comes off its biggest win in years and - at home - takes it to a 3-3 division rival. So far, Giants are playing harder.
Check that: The Cowboys aren't in SOME trouble. They're now in a lot of it. Eli has gotten hot.
That was a bad idea by Tony Romo. Now Cowboys are in some trouble.
That's was NOT pass interference.
That's obviously a bad spot. No 1st down.
That was pretty easy. Now, D cannot relax against Eli.
DeMarco, DeMarco and more DeMarco.
More I watch Tyrone Crawford, more I think he's a player.
Not sure about that spot on Dez.
Two more JCutler turnovers, another awful Bears loss at home. I love JCuter's school but can no longer love him as a QB.
I said on Friday's show that Aaron Rodgers wouldn't need a (dumb) fake spike vs Carolina's crumbling defense. He didn't.
Detroit hangs on. Good for Detroit. This team has a CHANCE to contend for NFC title.
Brees RUNS for 1st down on 4th and 10???
Amazing rally for Lions. But 1:48 left for Brees.
Tre Mason picks up game-winning 1st down but fumbles. Looks like refs blow recovery. SHOULD'VE BEEN REVIEWED. Seattle deserved last shot.
Rams pull off fake punt pass deep in own territory, hanging on 2:30 left. Not really huge gamble. They've blown so many leads, why not?
So far Seahawks still in shell shock from Cowboy loss, Harvin trade. St.L 21-6 at half. But Cowboys trailed 21-0 in St.L. Niners down, too.
Love' em/hate 'em - Here's the real history of the Cowboys from the rise/fall of Landry to how Jerry bought 'em: https://t.co/P1lutbpQV3
Still not sure FSU a Top 4 team. At Louisville on a Thurs nite will be dangerous. But still pretty sure FSU will be in playoffs.
Jameis isn't the smoothest or most athletic QB. But HIGH football IQ, great poise under pressure, flat-out winner.
I had FSU winning fairly easily 35-21. Wrong. Notre Dame played its heart out, gave 'Noles all they wanted.
What a great game.
That was a good call. But looked like the head ref asked the ref who threw flag, "Are you sure?" He was sure.
Jameis looks like he wishes he could play defense right now.
Jimbo should've let Jameis throw it on first or 2nd down. This is trouble.
What a smart, gutsy job of blitz-beating from Jameis on that go-ahead drive.
Does FSU want to win or just to trash talk and cheap shot the Irish?
FSU's best (and only) defense has been tipping or batting Golson's passes.
Now remains to be seen if FSU can stop ND offense, especially on 3rd down. 6-12 in 1st half, 254 total yards.
This is the first time Jameis has looked unsure of himself, even shook up at times. Then again, FSU line can't block ND rush.
I was wrong about this game. Feels like Notre Dame is going to keep taking it to FSU and win it.
The Big 12 is much deeper and better than many have thought.
Right now Nick Saban must be happy Johnny Manziel is no longer at Texas A&amp;M.
Despite injury and concussion issues, Percy Harvin is only 26. Surprised Seattle didn't get more. A 4th that can become a 2nd? That all?
Suddenly, without gamebreaker Percy Arvin, Seahawks are significantly more beatable. He was devastating in Super Bowl. No more.
SHOCKER: Seahawks decide PHarvin more trouble than worth, trade him to Jets. RESULT: They're not as good as they were with him.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/OmT8vOMFgS
Tom Brady has now beaten 41straight AFC teams at home. He has always been a little more valuable than Belichick.
Ron Jaworski has moved Romo up to 11th on NFL QB list. I have him 5th.
Sure hope JerryWorld isn't half full of Giants fans. I always like the Cowboys a little better on road b/c now have home-field disadvantage
Can't forget what ND did to my Sooners as 12-pt home faves in 2012. But FSU due for one all-cylinders game. FSU 35-21.
Cowboys face dangerous div game. No DFree. TySmith bad ankle. Romo ribs, DeMarco has been sick. JRandle distraction. No time to smell roses.
Probably picking my upset special more w/ heart than head. SF 27, Denver 26.
Rex is NFL's best D coordinator. But can't coach offense or pick QBs or manage games. So not much of a head coach.
Ref who saved Pats from 5-yd penalty on blocked FG was out of line. His job isn't to coach/teach players, just to react to rules violations.
For those asking about my books, here's link for the Landry-to-Jerry first one. Enjoy: https://t.co/P1lutbpQV3
Also today 10-12 E, we predict 49ers-Denver, Cowboys-NYG, FlaSt-ND with Herm Edwards and Robert Smith. Join us!
DID A REF ROB THE JETS ON BLOCKED FIELD GOAL? SURE LOOKED LIKE IT. WE DEBATE AT 10AM E, ESPN2.
Rex Ryan proves once again he's the best defensive coach in football.
That was justice: Chris Jones was called for a bogus penalty on a missed FG that gave Jets OT win last year. Blocked Folk this time.
That was a HUGE escape for a team that now has 10 days to find itself after losing Mayo and Ridley.
Whew.
This has 28-27 written all over it.
I honestly don't have much confidence in the Pats defense right now.
Belichick should've let Brady try to throw for that first down.
Can't believe Rex onside kicked that early. Amendola, again.
Congrats to the SF Giants. Once Yadier was lost, Cardinals just weren't the same.
Now, will the Pats D think it can relax a little again? Better not.
DANNY AMENDOLA SIGHTING!
Absurd call.
Unreal: the JETS went almost three quarters without having to punt. Bad sign for hold-the-Mayo defense.
Pats had better hope Geno throws them one. It's about time.
Brady had better start playing fired-up angry or the Pats are going to blow this game.
Never dreamed I'd see Eric Decker make Revis look bad.
Ivory going DeMarco on Patriots.
Pats got a gift FG there. That was NOT pass interference.
Pats are playing a dangerous game of score a TD, relax, hope the Jets give up. They are not going to give up.
THANKS for big reaction (love&amp;hate) to why I love these Cowboys: http://t.co/jk8igGqCdb
LOVED how MJ responded to LeBron. MJ loved playing 82 games! That's why he was greater than LeBron.
For Kobe's sake, I'm glad he's ranked 40th. If that won't motivate him to be KOBE again, nothing can.
On today's show Michael Rapaport annhilated LeBron for leaving Miami after losing Finals by record margin. Heard that before on 1st Take?
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/yIQtqTijRy
Why I picked the Cowboys to win NFC E and why they won't fade:http://t.co/5khIOFpISa
Darren Woodson joins us to debate if JRandle deserves suspension &amp; if Cowboys, Pats can last. Also: MJ fires back at LeBron. 10-12 E, ESPN2
Congratulations to the unstoppably hot Kansas City Royals, finally back in a World Series they seem destined to win.
America's Team always has been and STILL IS the Dallas Cowboys. Now, Cowboy fans are coming out of hiding across the country.
Very quietly San Diego is 5-1 after blowing a 17-6 4th-quarter leader at Arizona in its opener.
SO FAR Dallas has been slightly more impressive than Denver, deserves No. 1 in Power Ranking. But I'm sure not saying Dallas is going 15-1.
ARodg said he freestyled fake-spike. It was a 1-yard pass to a ROOKIE. Fooled no one. Marino's was a planned, practiced throw into end zone.
I stand by what I said about ARodg's fake-spike: It was a high-risk, low-reward dumb play that would've lost the game if tackled in bounds.
I have no problem with ARodgers calling my criticism comical. But I invite him to come on our show any time and debate his fake-spike play.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/O9yKS4sO0X
On today's show: I respond to ARodg's criticism of my criticism. Should Cowboys be No. 1 and America's Team? Fabolous joins us!
On tomorrow's show I can't wait to talk about this new poll that says the Broncos are now America's Team. That is SO WRONG.
Jameis' character has become extremely questionable, yet the more issues he creates for himself, the better he plays.
Isn't it just a little disrespectful to the Browns when LeBron, having come home, posts a gloating pic of himself in his Cowboy gear?
Love it when Manny Pacquiao tweets at me and Stephen A in order to taunt and dare Floyd to fight him. Tweet, Manny, tweet. Run, Floyd, run.
It was a beautiful thing today seeing Stephen A in a Romo jersey on his birthday. Don't' mess w/ Texas, my friend, Cowboys or Spurs.
If you'd given me a list of 1,000 possible Cowboy distractions, I'd have ranked what Joseph Randle did 1,000th. WHAT?!
Today's Stephen A. Romo podcast: http://t.co/mX4peHJZXa
10-12 E, ESPN2: Stephen A. Smith does the whole show wearing a Romo jersey AND CAP. Now he will pay. See you then.
Rams hung in. But this is best I've seen Kaepernick look in a long time. Bodes well for Niners.
Seems like college stars blatantly ignoring rules, signing items for $, after Manziel suspended only for a 1st half (vs Rice) by NCAA.
Big NE losses: Mayo, Ridley for season. But as long as they have No. 12, they have a chance.
Brandon Lloyd lasted till 4th rd in '03 bc wasn't very fast. Even at 33, looked pretty fast on that 80-yd bomb. Still has NFL's best hands.
If that fake-spike had been tackled in bounds as should have been, ARodg goes from hero to goat. Very lucky.
ARodg got away w/ crazy risk. Fake-spiked to rookie rec covered by 9th-yr cb w/ outside leverage? No timeouts! If tackled in bounds, OVER.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/fFC2QgqOV9
Russell Westbrook just might look like the MVP while KD is out at least 2 months. But when KD returns, so does KD-vs-RW trouble.
I agree w/ Eric Allen, Stephen A: Defenders going for Gronk's knees. Not head-hunting. Knee-hunting.
At this moment the Cowboys are the NFL's best (just ahead of Denver) bc they were able to do something Denver couldn't: win at Seattle.
If, as everyone said 2 wks ago, Tom Brady has no help, how is he not the MVP after 2 incredible games vs very good Ds?
The Giants got caught up in the NY media telling 'em how great they were and they simply didn't show up last night.
Today I bet Stephen A the Cowboys will win division. If so, he wears Jason Witten jersey. If not, I wear Riley Cooper jersey (SAS's choice).
As I said the show before the season started: the Dallas Cowboys are going to win the NFC East.
I gave Stephen A break today b/c already scheduled to be in NY. TOMORROW he wears Romo jersey AND HAT in studio whole show on his birthday.
Previous Cowboy teams would've crumbled after blocked punt for TD, punt fumble, snap fumble. But this one has grown a new backbone.
Cowboys drove 80, 80, 80 for TDs, 71 for FG, at Seattle, vs that crowd and that D. Bullied the bullies. DeMarco: The Real Beast Mode.
PhilipRivers vs Seattle: 10-17 on 3rd down. Romo at Seattle: 10-17 on 3rd. Both won game of keepaway. Legion of Boom doomed on 3rd down.
Stephen A about to have some crow for breakfast ... and he responds to Mayweather's criticism of him. 10-12 E, ESPN2
Matt Adams, again: BOOM.
Hate to see that happen to Victor Cruz.
First, Floyd Mayweather Jr. ripped Stephen A. Then he lost his bet and has to wear a Romo jersey. Can't wait for tomorrow's show.
Amazing how much harder the Eagles are playing than the Giants are.
That silly video Eagles staffers posted about "scared little Eli" haunted by Eagles ghosts? So far, it's coming true tonight.
Can you believe Dallas scored 30 in Seattle vs THE LEGION OF BOOM w/o getting any turnover help from Seattle (until game-ending INT)?
Woo hoo: Stephen A about to wear a metallic blue No. 9 jersey. His pick was an accident waiting to happen.
Romo's Revenge: He and his team faced down one Seattle demon after another (blocked punt TD, fumbled punt, Romo fumble) to win in Seattle.
The truth is, the Dallas Cowboys just kicked the Seahawks butts IN SEATTLE. That's how legit these Cowboys are.
My Dallas Cowboys just made Stephen A. Smith wear a Tony Romo jersey on air - and they didn't even need the 8 points he gave me.
HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Couple of holds could've been called on Cowboys  but refs let 'em play just the way Seahawks play.
DeMarvelous Murray!
What a catch by TWilliams.
If he controlled the ball to the ground, that's a catch.
Interception?
That definitely was pass I on Wilber.
Cowboys need to force a turnover.
Dan Money.
Romo's fault.
Un. Real.
Dwyane Harris has made some big plays on returns. But sometimes you have to pay for them with THAT.
So now the Cowboys have HANDED Seattle FOURTEEN POINTS.
After playing so well  THAT.
Considering Dallas GAVE Seattle 7 points, not a bad half.
GREAT protection. Great patience by Romo. Finally finds Old Faithful. 17-10 Dallas.
Dez HAS TO come down with that ball, if he wants to be known as one of the best. That catch is what he does best.
Cam Newton just threw what should've been a game-winning TD pass in OT. Dropped.  FG. Tied.
Strong answer thanks to all THREE backs: Murray, Dunbar and how bout that Randle?
That hit on Romo by Bobby Wagner was CHEAPSHOT and should've been flagged. Ball gone, Completely vulnerable. Gutsy.
Back to the House of Horrors: 2012 revisited. Another blocked Cowboys punt on first possession at Seattle for a TD. Just sickening.
BOOM: Brady to LaFell, 56 yards, 4th TD pass vs very good D at Buffalo. "Washed up" 2 wks ago, Brady enters MVP race.
Sigh of relief: Gronk back on field.
Gronk just hurt his  elbow? Not sure. Now Ridley down. Turning into a win-the-battle-lose-the-season type of game. Jets Thursday.
Brian Tyms comes off PED suspension to snatch bomb from Tom Brady. A new deep threat?
I love Lovie but when you got embarrassed at Atl and you're down 38-0 at half to Balt, even w/ Glennon, something very wrong.
Johnny Manziel eventually will prove to be much better than Brian Hoyer. But is Hoyer ever playing great right now. Browns, 21-3.
Pats winning extremely physical BATTLE at Buff 13-7 but have lost Mayo, Connolly. No Stork, Hightower. Will go to wire.
Shootout alert: Baylor 58, TCU 58 with 4:42 left and Boykin up next.
Again: MissSt is last year's Auburn, bound for Final 4 as Dak leads Heisman race.
Dak starting to miss his best receiver, Jameon Lewis, who has missed both these 2 huge home games with a knee injury.
Time for Dak Prescott to regain control of this game.
Unreal: MissSt self-destructing. Bizarre failed fake punt up 21-0. Two INTs by Dak. Now dumb fumbled punt.
Dak powers into end zone for 21-0, continues making Heisman push with arm and legs.
How bout them Cowbells?
What a throw by Dak vs blitz hit and catch/run by Wilson vs Aub D so tough on 3rd down.
Happy my Sooners beat Texas but not impressed. 1-11 on 3rd down? More than doubled in yards? Not looking like Final 4 team.
Todd Gurley should shut it down and save himself for the draft, when a team will pay him what he's worth to risk body running the football.
Chris Bosh was a better third wheel than Kevin Love will be. Better clutch shooter.
MissSt 31, Auburn 30. Dak over Nick. Can't wait.
Patriots face dangerous game at Buffalo. Bills tied for 1st in sacks. Brady, under siege. Pats 17-14. Amendola saves day like last year.
Eagles are missing  DeSean Jackson.
Giants 30, at Eagles 28. Week from Sunday, Giants lose at Cowboys.
I talked Stephen A into giving me Cowboys plus 8 points vs Seattle. If he loses, he wears a Romo jersey on air. My pick: Seattle 27-20.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/nAq7Hiq0km
Will Stephen A have to wear a Romo jersey on Monday? Join us 10-12E, ESPN as we also debate APet and Gurley, pick all NFL, college games.
What a sorry way to end this game. Another late Texans fumble, not to mention the missed short field goal.
Swearinger will HIT you but tonight he hasn't tackled or covered many Colts.
Refs got that call right. Andre Johnson did control and run with the ball. Fumble.
Reggie Wayne did not secure that catch.
That was a TERRIBLE call. That ball could've been intercepted.
Luck lucky didn't get Pick-Sixed on previous play. then fumble turns into JJWatt TD return. We still have a game.
Please don't tell me any more that Andrew Luck has no running game, a lousy line and below-average receivers. TY/RWayne/Nicks/Fleener?
As usual Andrew Luck threw some Hall of Fame passes - and 3 or 4 that could've been intercepted. Low release. Gets balls tipped.
Imagine if native Texan Johnny Manziel were quarterbacking the Texans at home tonight. This would be a SHOOTOUT.
I do not believe Mayweather will ever fight Pacquiao b/c Mayweather fears he would get knocked out.
Lions can win w/o Megatron. He's most talented receiver ever but nowhere near the leader Michael Irvin was for 3 Cowboy SBowl winners.
Andrew Luck threw 7 INTs in 2 playoff games last season. Already tied for NFL lead w/ 6 NTs. But you might as well put him in Canton now.
I remain mystified by the premature coronation of Andrew Luck, but I'll go Indy 22-20 at Houston tonight.
Deion Sanders was the greatest cornerback ever &amp; greatest multi-sport athlete ever, but wasn't Cowboy long enough to be all-time Cowboy.
Greatest Cowboys: 1) Roger Staubach 2) Michael Irvin 3) Emmitt 4) ChHaley 5) Dorsett 6) Lilly 7) Aikman 8) DPearson 9) Lee Roy 10) Rayfield
Romo said JWitten could be greatest Cowboy ever in part b/c they're best friends. But how great can he be w/ 1 playoff win in 11 seasons?
Today's podcast: http://t.co/MfPbdaQmkh
Teammates blast Geno's leadership. Vick says he didn't prepare hard enough. Romo returns to his House of Horrors.We debate 10-12 E, ESPN2
The Dallas Cowboys haven't yet earned the right to move up to No. 6 in Power Rankings. Not YET.
Rex is a far better coach than Idzik is a GM and WoodyJ an owner. Wish Jet fans could vote out Woody, get owner who'd fire Idzik, keep Rex.
I'm all for Kobe getting $ he deserves. But could've done what TDuncan&amp;Dirk did:Take way less $ to improve chances to win. NBA still has cap
Good for Bosh saying he hasn't spoken to LeBron and has no need to. Just focus on Heat, who'll be better than most ppl think.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/ibIHuMcedx
What?! Stephen A thinks Cowboys should be HIGHER than 6th in Power Ratings? and Mattingly should be fired? Braylon Edwards joins us 10-12e
Kershaw was dominating, Greinke was ready for G5 in LA. Wainwright was iffy. And in the 7th, poof: singlesingleHOMERUN!!!
Amazing win for St. Louis. Even more amazing loss for the Dodgers.
I grew up a Cardinals fan but must admit I felt sorry for Clayton Kershaw as he walked off that field.
Can't figure if a Kershaw who just had maybe greatest reg seasons ever can't handle playoff pressure or if he just can't beat St. Louis.
Peyton Kershaw.
Clayton Kershaw has such good stuff tonight he should easily finish off the Cardinals with a 2-0 lead.
Right now Mississippi State ranks No. 1 in my Final Four and Dak Prescott is my Heisman frontrunner.
Today if drafting 2012 over, I'd still go RG3, Luck, then Russell Wilson (who went 75th). Still believe RG3 can return to rookie of yr RG3.
Right now my MVP race: 1. Philip Rivers 2. DeMarco Murray 3. Peyton 4. Russell Wilson.
Said before season Seattle would go 15-1 losing only at San Diego and sticking by that.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/cNhdstK2I9
Coming up: Will Seattle go 15-1? Should Geno be benched? Julius suspended? Peyton Kershaw? RWilson MVP? Join Stephen A and me 10-12E, ESPN2
Amazing game-winning escape and toss by Russell Wilson. Russell Football.
Gutsy dangerous fake-field goal call by Pete Carroll in tight game, running the holder over right guard. Could've been blown up. 24-10.
No way that penalty should've been called on James Carpenter. Just finished block. Cost Harvin AGAIN.
Hope RG3 is studying what Russell Wilson is doing to his team. Threw for 131 plus RAN FOR 89 in 1st half. Can be done safely, Robert.
If Seahawks could keep Percy Harvin healthy, no one could touch 'em. But he runs so crazy hard, always hurting something.
Looked like Sherman, Cam switched places and men at snap, trying to lure Cousins into INT. DeSean out-and-upped Cam, who can't run w/ him.
if only RG3 could learn to take off, then slide, the way Russell Wilson just did.
As I've said since preseason picks: The Dallas Cowboys are going to win the NFC East.
Have a hard time believing a pass-catching tight end, Julius Thomas, intentionally tried to hurt Calais w/ chop block.
Can't blame Cowboy fans for letting 49er and Texan fans take over JerryWorld. Cowboys. They're protesting mediocrity. They'll be back.
Cowboys: 2 fumbles, dropped TD pass, Romo INT near goal line. But STILL WON a game they'd have lost last year. This team is different.
Cowboys lucky Manziel wasn't playing QB for Texans yesterday or they'd be 3-2.
Right now I rank the NFC East: Dallas, NY, Philly, Kirk Cousins.
Jay Feely would be a great fit for the Lions. Solid kicker, solid citizen. Positive influence on younger players.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/HrCduMOiWA
Stephen A tells me he wasn't impressed with Pats or Cowboys. Huh? HERE WE GO. 10-12E, ESPN2.
Brady/Belichick: From losing 41-14 in KC to beating the undefeated Bengals 43-17 in Foxboro.
Can't wait to debate Cowboys and Patriots 10-12E ESPN2 w/ Stephen A. Not to mention Peyton, Luck, AlexSmith, Geno, Cutler, Lions 
As I said and wrote all last week: THE PATRIOTS ARE GOING TO BE JUST FINE.
Congrats to the amazing Royals and underrated O's. All those megamillions spent on the Angels and Tigers and they weren't worth a nickel.
Oh, no: Revis hurt.
Still a lot of game left without McCourty at safety.
These penalties are so dumb and such momentum killers.
The Patriots also got called for EIGHT penalties in the 1st half. UnPatriotic.
In the 1st half, the dead-and-buried Pats offense put up 20 points and 256 yards on the NFL's best defense. BUT  LONG WAY TO GO.
Absolutely take the field goal.
Refs wore black-and-orange stripes on that drive, but Gresham's drop leveled playing field. Holding Cincy to 3 not bad.
Just when they had Bengals on the ropes, Patriots starting to play sloppy undisciplined bad-team football.
Great, Amendola gone with concussion.
That was an incredibly bad call on Gronk.
I'm getting ready for Cincinnati.
Peyton Manning, greatest regular-season QB ever, keeps getting better. Just threw for almost 500 vs very good Ariz secondary.
Making THE late play never Alex Smith's strength. That's why Harbaugh went w/ Kaep. Alex Smith ends game vs old team w/ INT.
Dez for Prez!
Valiant fight put up by Lovie's Bucs at New Orleans before succumbing in OT.
Pathetic home loss by Lions even w/ a hobbled Megatron. Hey, Bills fans, still ripping OC Nathaniel Hackett?
Unbelievable comeback by Brian Hoyer after Locker hurt. So Johnny Football remains Johnny Bench.
What a clutch bounce-back kick by Dan Money after he had hooked the reg game-winner that was a little out of range.
What a bail-out heave vs blitz from Romo to Dez. And what a will-not-be-denied snatch by Dez to set winning OT FG.
How doubt them Cowboys?!
That Cowboy TD drive was who they've become: def stand, DHarris punt escape, O line taking over for DMurray, Romo to Dez.
The bad-old-days gunslinger reared its head on that Romo INT near goal line.
What a great escape from Watt and throw by Romo. Terrance Williams atones.
Two fumbles, a dropped TD pass -- and Dallas trails Houston 7-3 in the third quarter.
Please don't tell me the Cowboys are going to literally hand a game to wannabe Cowboys.
Just listening via TV, the crowd at JerryWorld is making it sound like Dallas at Houston instead of Houston at Dallas.
More I see THAT DeMarco fumble, more it looks like his left knee was down before the ball was out.
DeFumble Murray strikes again in a first quarter.
Congrats to Ole Miss for an all-time memorable win. But its still 2nd best team in state and will lose two games.
Something must have gone really wrong for Belichick to cut a Kenbrell Thompkins viewed as such a hard worker and big-catch maker.
You can always count on even the most talented Bob Stoops team to come out flat for one big game a season.
Still haven't recovered from my Sooners loss tho wash't shocked. Haven't had 'em Top 4 all yr b/c Trevor Knight wildly inconsistent.
Dak Prescott (great name) now has a good shot at winning Heisman. Even had TD bomb dropped.
I've said for 3 wks on FirstTake this MissSt is last yr's Auburn. Picked them today but stunned how easily won w/o deep threat JLewis.
Oregon was overrated.
Scares me Cowboys have been bet up from 3.5 favorites to 6.5. Bettors jumping on them the way jumping off NE.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/wZ9CU95hJQ
Now Heisman opens up for these up-and-comers: Dak, KHill, EGolson, Amari.
All close: Balt&gt;Indy, SF&gt;KC, Den&gt;Ariz, NE&gt;Cincy, MissSt&gt;A&amp;M, Ala&gt;Miss, LSU&gt;Aub, OU&gt;TCU.
Thurs Night Football ruining NFL? ABSURD. 7 Thurs-nighters were good games last yr. Remember Tebow&gt;Jets? Players get 10 days off. Love it!
12 reasons No. 12 (Brady) will lead NE to another 12-4 record: http://t.co/fQvmyW36ok
10-12E, ESPN2: Will Stephen A agree to change NE-Cincy pick? Should NFL do away w/ ThursNiteFb? Mariota lose Heisman? Give me MissSt., Balt
Christian Ponder has had his moments in this league but tonight is not one of them.
Wow, Julius Peppers just looked like he was back at Carolina running the basketball court.
ARodg finally has a running game to set up his play-action bombs, he has a 14-0 lead and no longer needs Hans&amp;Franz to pump him up.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/QNk5mRmewu
10-12E: Stephen a and I debate if Pack wins NFC N, if Steve Smith out of bounds, Kershaw or Bumgarner, Cincy vs NE falling spread.
Please, Jerry Jones, don't heap undo pressure on your coming-together team by making even remote comparisons to Cowboys who won 3 SBowls.
I believe Kobe will stay reasonably healthy and average 25 for a team that will be a little better than most ppl think.
I'll take Kyrie/Dion over Walls/Beal any night. Steph/Klay over anyone but backcourt that won NBA title BY A RECORD MARGIN.
NBA's best backcourt: Parker/Ginobili. Destroyed Steph/Klay 2 yrs ago. None better at passing/penetrating/shooting/guarding in money games.
Congrats to the Royals. One of the greatest refuse-to-lose games I've ever suffered through.
Jon Lester, 1 of greatest postseason pitchers EVER, coughed up that lead??? Did he leave his heart in Boston? So sickeningly sad.
Know/like/admire Billy Beane, baseball's smartest GM. Thought he won the WSeries when he landed JLester. Up 7-3 in 8th. Then THAT happened.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/MtWgaWlNCh
Plaxico joins Stephen a and me to talk Royals insanity, if Brady is washed up, Kobe expectations and if KD has "killer" in him. 10-12E E2.
If you just consider tradition, fandom, place to live - all great - the Oakland Raiders's coaching job is Top 5 in the NFL.
There will be nights LeBron gets as miffed at his "point guard" Kyrie for taking too many shots as KD sometimes does at Westbook.
Five of the greatest non-PG passers: LeBron, Oscar, Bird, Ginobili, Duncan.
As all-time passer, CP3 isn't up there with Magic, Stockton, Nash, Kidd or Cousy.
My definition of PG is pass first. NBA's best passing PG by far in CP3. Of the many shoot-1st PGs (DRose, Steph) , Westbrook is best PLAYER.
Sunday night in Foxboro: New England 24, Cincinnati 21.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/m0y7TXTfN8
I just dozed off listening to Belichick's press conference.
From these ashes, NE will rise like the Phoenix to play in the Super Bowl in Phoenix. OK, I'm reaching. But still not writing off 2-2 NE.
Un. Be. Lievable.
This is threatening to go down as an all-time Belichick/Brady nightmare game.
Finally, a faint sign of Patriot life.
Think about this: the only receiver Tom Brady appears to trust is JULIAN EDELMAN, who isn't bad but isn't exactly Randy Moss.
No idea what Brady was thinking on that throw  except that he now forces seemingly every throw to Edelman no matter the coverage.
Hard to believe KC lost its home opener to the TITANS, 26-10, as Alex Smith threw 3 INTs.
I picked NE to get to the SBowl and obviously I'm beginning to wonder if that switch will ever get flipped. Still hanging in.
I am baffled by how a Tom Brady offense - no matter O line and average-receiver issues - can no longer get the ball in the end zone.
I am baffled by how a Belichick defense with so much talent just gave up 303 yds in a half playing w/ so little urgency and tenacity.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/cWh3vAl8HG
10-12E, ESPN2: Stephen A and I debate Cowboys, Eagles, Cutler, Geno, Steve Smith, Mike Tomlin ... WHAT A DAY. Join us.
Last year, New Orleans had an NFL record 40 1st downs vs Dallas. Tonight: 20.
Hey, Eagles: Here come the Cowboys.
That should've been TD, Dallas. It should be 45-17, which would be much closer to justice for last year's New Orleans 49, Dallas 17.
Stephen A. picked New Orleans to get to the Super Bowl. I picked Dallas to win the NFC East. First Take will be fun tomorrow.
Great way to cap off what, for an emerging Dallas Cowboys team, has been a great Sunday night on the national stage.
Thank you, Dez Bryant.
Thank you, Jason Witten.
Thank you, Sean Payton.
This is trouble. This Dallas team hasn't had any experience closing out 31-3 games.
This could now get a little hairy and scary. Brees loves just being able to let it fly in a hurry-up.
Uh oh: Bruce Carter looks like he just pulled a hamstring. Would've stopped KyrieRob 30 yards upfield.
Saints receivers starting to look like they're getting tired of getting hit so hard.
Still long ways to go in this game. But THIS SURE IS A LONG WAYS FROM LAST YEAR'S NEW ORLEANS 49, DALLAS 17.
How BOUT them Cowboys?
Tony Football!
Dallas D shows new backbone, standing strong after two nice throws by Brees, holding Saints to FG.
Now for lots and lots of DeMarco Murray. Just hang onto the football, big man.
Last year in New Orleans, the Saints scored 21 IN THE SECOND QUARTER vs. Dallas. This year: Dallas leads 24-0 at half.
Even an offensive genius like Chip Kelly might have been impressed with that half by Romo's offense.
HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS?
What a beautiful throw by Romo and catch by Terrrance Williams.
That wasn't holding. So that made up for lineman-downfield refs missed on Cowboys.
Boom, boom, boom. Dallas: 17-zip.
Love it.
What a terrific tone-setting, clock-eating opening 80-yard, 12-play drive for a TD w/o much DeMarco.
Stunning Chip Kelly's offense held w/o TD, though had ball only 17:43. Foles again proved toughness but more miss than hit.
Way to go, 49ers D. Eagles fall to 3-1. NFC East even more wide open, which could mean 
Cannot believe Harbaugh didn't let Kaep throw it one time on 1st, 2nd or 3rd down. Tells you a lot.
Shocked Chip Kelly's offense couldn't get it in end zone.
Unbelievable game-changing catch by Maclin. Harbaugh just blew last timeout challenging an obvious catch.
49ers must get some pressure on Foles, NOW.
Impressed Steve Smith didn't celebrate/gloat after burning Carolina that dumped him. Makes it hurt more when act like don't care any more.
Way to go David Price of Vanderbilt University, pitching Detroit to division title. Commodores won national baseball title, keep winning.
Way to go Sonny Gray of Vanderbilt University, pitching A's into playoffs w/ complete-game shutout in hitters' paradise, Ballpark in Arl.
Wherever Sprowls goes, he electrifies offense and returns. Whenever teams deem him expendable (S.D., N.O.) they suffer.
What a terrible throw by Kaep. What a great escape run by Malcolm Jenkins, who has turned into Philly's best player on D.
What a risky but spectacularly athletic cross-body, against-momentum throw back by Kaep to Gore for a TD.
Darn those Eagles. I picked 'em but badly want 'em to lose. Blocked punt, TD Eagles. 7-0.
I'm not a Glennon believer, but he just shocked Steelers in their house, coming off decimated debacle for TB in Atl.
Impressive ROAD win for Lions vs dangerous Jets D w/o much from injured Megatron. I have 'em winning wild card. Like the pick.
Very surprised on Friday that Stephen A. picked AGAINST the "baaaad man" that is ARodgers. He took the Bears. I took the Packers.
Cutler narrowly avoids INT No. 3.
No idea what ref saw to call holding on Bears on Packers FG, giving GB 1st down and TD. No idea how Bostic was holding.
JCutler throws two INT in 3rd q (one bad idea, one wrong page w/ BMarsh) when needed to be flawless vs ARodg. Bears, buried 37-17.
Jameis did a terrific job leading FSU back from 24-7. But can't believe how bad 'Noles are on D. Don't look like Final 4 team right now.
Nice comeback win by A&amp;M, thanks to one of the worst missed clinching FGs you'll ever see, by Ark kicker.
Again: the Dallas Cowboys will win the NFC East.
From what I've seen so far best 4 college football teams: FlaSt, Ala, TexA&amp;M, Mississippi St (which is turning into last year's Auburn).
LeBron James was by far best player on either team and Spurs beat LeBron's Team BY A RECORD FINALS MARGIN. Wasn't there when team needed him
When LeBron says would've stayed if Miami had won Finals, he's saying: "I just didn't have enough help." Listening, DWade?
Rooting for Bears, but fear Packers are just a little better. ARodg outguns Cutler 33-31.
All I will say about Cowboys-Saints is that will be closer than 49-17 and Cowboys will allow fewer than an NFL record 40 first downs.
I hope Eagles lose but there's just something wrong with SF, Kaep, especially in new home. Eagles, 30-28.
Yogi Berra won 3 MVPs and 10 rings to Jeter's 5 rings and Yogi's teams didn't have the pitching Jeter's did. Jeter: 1 ring last 14 years.
As great as Derek Jeter has been, he's not top 5 Yankee. Ruth, Mantle, DiMaggio, Gehrig, Yogi, then Jeter, who never won MVP.
Your aunts and uncles would've been better than Cousins was last night. Again: Not a starting QB.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/eQ0MEnhNFh
10-12E, ESPN2. Now what does Stephen A have to say about KirkCousins and his Giants??? Jeter top 5 Yankee? (Uhhh...) We pick NFL, top 4 NCAA
I picked the Giants to pull off the upset tonight, but I had no idea it would be 45-14.
I said on today's show Kirk Cousins like a younger Matt Schaub. Throws lots of pretty passes. Comes apart when need him most. Hello, Matt!
I CANNOT WAIT to talk about "Capt. Kirk" Cousins tomorrow at 10am E, ESPN2. I'll bet Stephen A. Smith CAN wait.
Guess RG3 will have a job when he returns after all.
Jeter says won't play shortstop in last 3 games at Boston because wants his last memory to be playing ss at Yankee Stadium. Good for him.
That should be a Giants touchdown.
Jeter said has no idea how got thru this game he was so "messed up" by all the emotions. And all he did was start w/ 2B, end w/ game-winner.
Jeter just said people keep thanking him and he says, "For what? I was just doing my job." That sums him up.
I'm not even a Yankee fan and I'm getting goosebumps watching Derek Jeter taking his final bows to every corner of Yankee Stadium.
The bigger the moment, the more Derek Jeter has always willed himself to impossible greatness.
Derek Jeter just had to go out this way. He's DEREK JETER.
Naturally, JETER JUST HIT WALK-OFF SINGLE TO WIN HIS FINAL GAME AT YANKEE STADIUM.
Drama in the Bronx: Jeter, bottom ninth, up with chance to win it.
Giants defense just played as if this one already in the bag. It is not.
I just can't see how that's a penalty on Demps, who did not lead with his helmet or try to hit Paul in the head.
Cousins goes RG3?
Eli's pass slightly behind Cruz. But should've caught it. If had, would still be running.
Almost blasphemous when Markakis homered in top of 1st during hallowed bleacher roll call for Derek Jeter. Now, Jeter strikes back.
Derek Jeter: Greatest when lights are brightest. First at-bat in his final Yankee Stadium game: Doubles off left-field fence. So Jeter.
I agree with PhilJackson: Kobe trains harder than MJ did. But MJ trained hard enough and has always been better than Kobe.
Pacquiao again calls out Mayweather. He's right: Floyd has gone Hollywood. More than ever afraid to fight Manny. Would lose. Might get hurt.
ClaytonKershaw had all-time great season. Shld be MVP. But has been below average in 6 postseason starts. Has much, much more to prove.
Derek Jeter wasn't all-time talented. But he's all-time great b/c gave every ounce every pitch and willed himself into big-moment greatness.
I'm going with the upset: Giants 27, Wash 23. RJennings, Cruz, Eli move ball vs D w/o DeAngelo Hall.
Don't understand KirkCousins mania. His 4th q QBR at Philly (scale 0-100) was 12. Lost all 3 starts end of last season, incl home to DALLAS.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/fMx9xiVlMy
Why I'm picking Giants over Redskins. 10E, ESPN2. Stephen A and I debate Jeter, Suh, Cousins, Kershaw, and we're joined by Anthony Anderson.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/iwAsK8KfqZ
Join Stephen A, Nate Burleson and me 10-12E, ESPN2.
How much will Mo Claiborne situation hurt Dallas? Should Steelers have re-signed JHarrison? Seattle overrated? Megatron greatest rec ever?
Saints dealt Dallas worst embarrassment in its history last yr. But now only 3-pt favorites at Dallas. Hmmm.
Bears benefitted from 2 ref blunders and 3 Jets' unforced errors. Cost Jets 24 points. Yet in the end Jets still had good chance to tie.
Sure, I wish Peyton had had a last at-bat. But all his D had to do was keep Seattle from scoring a TD and Hawks went 80 in 13 plays for TD.
What makes me sick about way Browns using Manziel: HE NEVER RAN READ OPTION AT A&amp;M! Now he's circus act running read option, trick plays.
Just for the record, Nate Burleson, who was with Manziel through camp, said on today's show Manziel will be an NFL star QB.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/6LaFzmcJiK
Is Geno the answer for Jets? Bears lucky or good? We debate Ravens' response, Jameis, Hope Solo. We're joined by Nate Burleson. 10-12E ESPN2
Jay Cutler played pretty well -- lucky on a couple that could've been intercepted -- but the Bears were extremely lucky on several gifts.
Lousy throw by Geno. You have to wonder if Michael Vick could've pulled out this game for the Jets.
Geno-no-no-no-no.
Great pump-and-go throw by Cutler. Cutler at his best.
Jets just got robbed of a fumble return for a touchdown.
That should've been offensive Pass I. Now Bears have been given three gifts -- pick six, fumbled punt, Pass I.
GeNO!
If you missed this, big reaction to my calling out "my guy" Cutler ahead of MNF: http://t.co/EROUGO1zG4
Sorry I'm late with today's podcast: http://t.co/zmmtMk01me
FYI: Baker hit on Foles was not only cowardly but it's now against the rules to hit a player in a defenseless posture (esp QB) on turnover.
Kaepernick hasn't been living up to his new contract by making second-half plays.
Denver's Chris Harris said RWilson better than Luck. He definitely has PLAYED better. Won a ring while Luck threw 7 playoff INTs in 2 games.
Foles' 4th-q QBR yesterday was 90 on scale of 100. Cousins' was 12. All you need to know.
I suspect Cary Williams was speaking for several Eagles who believe they have to save selves for 2nd halves b/c pushed so hard in practice.
Dallas Cowboys showed backbone yesterday I haven't seen since made playoffs in 2009. They were an accident waiting to UNhappen.
My column calling out Cutler for mental weakness: http://t.co/3C9HOl5vI5
10-12E, ESPN2: Stephen A and I debate if Eagles or Cowboys are for-real, if Denver deserves a "moral victory," if ARodg, Niners in trouble.
Now that Steelers have lost Ike Taylor (maybe for season), Shazier and JJones, Cam's O should now score a couple of TDs.
What an incredible improv and touchdown toss by Roethlisberger.
Can't wait for tomorrow's First Take to see what Stephen A has to say about ARodg, Cowboys, Seahawks, 49ers, Eagles brawl 
Cam taking way too much punishment in this game.
Hey, Eagles: The Cowboys are coming for you.
Must say Denver's D held up much better in this game than I expected. Seattle's longest gain on OT drive was 12 yards.
What a drive by Russell Wilson and Co. Only thing I don't like is I wanted to see Peyton in overtime. Still, great game.
Richard Sherman had better have some beef jerky before overtime.
Great throw and catch over Richard Sherman.
Greatness from the greatest regular-season QB ever.
That was just a bad idea by Peyton. Throw had no chance even if Cam hadn't intercepted.
Demaryius has to go up stronger for that ball. Still playing tentative vs Seahawks.
Peyton, with time, has found his rhythm.
How has Percy Harvin touched the ball only four times without a rush for Seattle's offense?
When did Bryan Walters, undrafted out of Cornell, become Seattle's go-to receiver?
I had Arizona over SF because something is missing on SF's offense.
Seattle is starting to make a lot of dumb mistakes. Not like them.
Talib at his best.
Now Peyton Manning has an opportunity to show he CAN figure out this Seahawks defense. Good luck, Peyton.
That's the most I've seen DeMarcus Ware move in about five years.
Peyton didn't play too badly. Converted 3 3rd downs. No INTs. And he's still down 17-3 at half.
What a throw by Russell Wilson to scorch Talib for a TD.
As many great throws as Kirk Cousins has made, he has thrown 3 poor ones in 4th quarter. That, I believe, is what he is and will be.
Montee Ball just went DeFumble Murray with early cough-up for Broncos.
THAT was a bad idea and bad throw by Cousins.
Both Foles and Cousins are really showing me something today -- especially Foles with his toughness.
Thought Cowboys had chance when Jared Cook, after dropping TD pass, shoved kid QB. No idea what Austin Davis said to Cook.
Tony Romo made up for his pick six by making three or four crucial plays in that game. Way to go, Tony.
MO CLAIBORNE FINALLY MAKES A PLAY TO SAVE GAME. HOW 'BOUT THEM COWBOYS OVERCOMING INJURIES AND 21-0 DEFICIT?
I thought it would be much higher scoring, but I had Detroit upsetting GBay. How will Stephen A defend that Baaaad Man now? Only 7 points?
DeSean, sweet revenge TD bomb.
So Matt Stafford. Had Pack on ropes, 2nd and goal, sacked, fumbled. Hard to win games that way.
Tony OH NO! Romo, pick six. Cowboys down 21-0 to undrafted Austin Davis. I can't watch any more.
Stephen Tulloch just buckled his knee while celebrating ad had to be carted off? Advantage, Packers.
DeFumble Murray, at it again. He got tripped but he coughed it up again early for the third straight game.
Unreal: Just when you thought it was safe to trust Cowboys D, Rolando McClain and JDurant are out.
Shock of night: I had LSU in my preseason Final 4. MissSt ran it down LSU's throat in BRouge and Fournette is NOT Next Adrian Peterson.
Why would Clemson call a run out of the shotgun on 4th and inches? FSU says thank you, Dabo.
Glad FSU survived. Hated Jameis' teammate to suffer for his immaturity. Didn't want Jameis to feel he's THAT invaluable.
Now let Maguire throw on 1st down instead of making him throw on 3rd and long.
Who needs Jameis Winston? Sean Maguire finally made a big-time throw.
Don't look now but my OU Sooners just discovered another Heisman quality back, Samaje Perine, freshman tank. Welcome to national stage, kid.
Amari Cooper is going to make some NFL team very happy.
Good for Fla St finally getting it. This should better help Jameis finally wake up, grow up, get it.
Roger Goodell hasn't danced this much since his senior prom. #RogerDodger
Seattle 35-20. Eagles 30-24. Ariz 20-17. Lions 35-32. And all I want to say about Cowboys game is that DeMarco will have a big day.
I believe Sunday's game means as much to Peyton Manning as any regular-season game he has ever played. But that won't be enough.
I don't care what Goodell says, only what he does.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/lknLGVWfXH
Can you make a case for Broncos or Washington? Atl a contender? Det upsets GBay? Dallas goes 2-1? We debate BMarsh, RonWash. 10-12E ESPN2
Auburn's Nick Marshall isn't a great passer but he makes deadly clutch throws. Just put away KState with one.
As great as Devin Hester is, I still consider Deion Sanders a slightly more dangerous returner.
Congrats to Devin Hester for breaking Deion's return record. He didn't deserve a taunting flag for paying tribute to Deion on way to zone.
Decimated Bucs are not this bad. Falcons are not this good.
Feeling sorry for Lovie Smith watching this Tampa nightmare. He's so much better than this.
I think LeBron's new hairline is a good look for him and I do not think Stephen A's rising hairline looks bad on him.
Concerned about Romo missing practice w/ tight back, coming off surgery. Got rocked couple times at Tenn and sacked 4.
FlaSt keeps enabling Jameis by protecting him and failing to punish him. Should've suspended him 4 games. That would've sent a message.
On talent and performance, I'd take Jameis over Mariota. But respect Mel Kiper for dropping him to 25th after six off-field incidents.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/G4YZcs5dx8
How far will Jameis fall in MelKiper's new mock? We debate after it is revealed. RichardSherman responds to Chargers. Jadakiss joins us.
Do I expect Romo to take backseat to the run game from here on? Not at JerryWorld, where 'Boys always feel pressure to put on aerial show.
If I were a betting man, I'd bet the Seahawks will EASILY cover the 5-point spread against the Broncos. Something like 35-13.
First time I can remember top NFL sponsors dropping hints they're concerned enough to cut ties if the league can't fix behavior problems.
I said for 2 days the NFL couldn't allow APeterson to play Sunday. Finally Goodell stepped in and saved Vikings from themselves.
Jameis got the "Manzeil" punishment -- suspended FOR A HALF. Translation: Jimbo thinks he can beat 20-pt dog Clemson w/o Jameis for a half.
Jameis is the reigning Heisman winner who's still being investigated for sexual assault under Title IX. Crab legs. Pellet gun. Now THIS?
Jameis just doesn't get it. He stood on a table in THE STUDENT UNION to do an obscene meme gag that's offensive to women? Wake UP, man.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/0sT78CJGUh
We react to the BREAKING NEWS on Adrian Peterson 10-12 E, ESPN. Plus we debate Seahawks-Broncos, Eagles on DeSean, Jerry on less Romo.
I'm sorry, can't get it out of my head that Indy could've had PEYTON MANNING for 4 more years and 4 better shots at a Super Bowl. Win NOW.
Why did Indy run it twice late before lLuck threw? He had nearly thrown two 2nd-half INTs. Maybe didn't quite trust him. 7 playofff INTs.
That WAS a horse collar on LeSean. Rule says if you grab jersey, pull runner down from behind and his knees buckle, it's a penalty. It was.
Even if TYHilton hadn't gone down, Malcolm Jenkins might have intercepted Luck's pass. Had read the route like a comic book. Broke hard.
If DSproles at 31 can keep moving like he's 21 in his 9th NFL season, Eagles will not miss DeSean and definitely will not miss playoffs.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/TrnFyqh4iQ
Eagles a Super Bowl threat? Andrew Luck to blame? Should APeterson play? Why was RG3 so happy? Stephen A and I debate. 10-12E, ESPN2
I keep hearing how Andrew Luck is on his way to becoming an all-time great  and I still don't see it.
Extremely impressive 2nd half by the Eagles, who look (for now) like the best team in the NFC East. But don't sleep on Dallas.
Bad look if Adrian Peterson allowed to play Sunday. Wonder if Goodell, still under fire for Ray Rice, suspends him under conduct policy?
No way do I think Seattle exposed. Chargers just that good, held ball for 42 minutes, longest play only 21 yds, temp up to 118. Sea: 15-1.
Last night JCutler was forced to turn into a poised, patient, low-risk game manager b/c injured receivers couldn't run. Liked this Cutler.
Last night Kaep turned into bad JCutler, relying on big arm to force throws that turned into INTs and losing careless fumble.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/wV253U6mxa
This is going to be HOT. Stephen A and I debate Sherman/Seahawks, Cutler, APeterson, Saints, MAYWEATHER, RG3, Cowboys, Jets timeout. 10-12 E
Cutler throws 4 TD passes 0 INTs and leads Bears in rushing. What a Sunday night performance by one of Vanderbilt's finest.
Jay Cutler &amp; his bet-up Bears stun 49ers in 1st game at new stadium. Oh, am I going to have a whole lot to talk about tomorrow 10-12E, ESPN2
Great catch by BMarsh  but please don't ever tell me Jay Cutler isn't a tough guy. Hopped up from vicious hit to throw TD.
Niners just begging Bears to get back in this sorry game. But tonight, the Bears don't appear to be capable.
Alex Smith couldn't make one last play in Denver.
What a great game by Phillip Rivers. Lost Ryan Matthews, didn't have Flowers or JJohnson on D. Just kept gutting out plays, to Gates&amp;Royal.
Said before season began that Seattle would go 15-1, lose only Week 2 at San Diego. Didn't love it after Week 1. Love it now.
Waaaaay too easy.
What a one-handed snag by Antonio Gates for a TD. Now  will Chargers allow another quick TD response by Seattle?
Turbo drive powered by Turbin -- not Marshawn. Is he hurt?
touchdown, seattle
TOUCHDOWN, SAN DIEGO.
That was NOT holding on John Phillips. Erased TD. Feels like refs and NY control trying to make sure Seattle has every advantage.
No official review of Percy Harvin scoring play. Not even any argument from Chargers. How were Seahawks just gifted that touchdown?
Percy Harvin obviously stepped out of bounds. Could see that live. McCoy no challenge??? Big blunder.
When it comes to Lions, just can't believe your lyin' eyes. They follow up big opening night win with 3-turnover, 7-point day at Carolina.
KCousins will never be better than RG3. Looked ordinary in starts last yr. But maybe JGruden thinks better fit for Andy Dalton offense.
Stephen A's NFC Super Bowl pick, the Saints, are now an 0-2 accident waiting to happen.
The Cowboys D that was supposed to be "historically bad" has been surprisingly good. Plays hard, smart. Scandrick/ASpencer will return. Hmmm
Sounds like Cowboys have more fan support in Nashville than they had on opening day at JerryWorld.  I've long believed they play better away
What a great reverse of field for my man DeMarco. First down. Run, clock, run.
Ball was out. No TD for Titans. 4th down.
JGarrett is right: Refs blew it whistling play dead on INT that RMcClain returned for TD.
Amazingly one-handed juggling interception by Rolando McClain, worthy of any receiver or DB. What a steal he has been  so far.
Dez just got tackled in end zone. No pass interference. Huh?
I'm now back to loving DeMarco Murray.
RG3 hurt again. Hope it's not as bad as it looks.
A TEAMMATE ELBOWED THE BALL OUT OF DEMARCO'S GRIP??? UNREAL. SO COWBOYS.
Naturally, at end of an impressive run DEMARCO MURRAY FUMBLES AGAIN. GO AHEAD, JUST GIVE IT AWAY, DALLAS.
No APeterson, no problem for Vikes, who just took opening kickoff 80 pretty easy yards for 7-0 TD. Thank you, Stephen A.
Wouldn't you know it? Dez has two quick completions, including a nice catch  and he's on his way to the locker room apparently hurt.
I'm going to laugh until Monday at 10am E about Floyd's contention his "hand went numb" after Maidana bit him. See you then, Stephen A.
Now Floyd Mayweather will keep running from Manny Pacquiao.
Floyd took control of that fight by distracting/flustering Maidana w/ crazy biting accusation, which also helped Floyd motivate Floyd.
Floyd did admit he got tagged couple of times he shouldn't have. Again, respect Floyd's ability to TAKE power punch more than throw one.
Next time they should let Skip Bayless referee Floyd's fight. Then we'd see how good he really is at age 37.
I have to take back what I said about my man Kenny Bayless. Let Floyd get away with way too much clutching, grabbing, holding on ropes.
Sure looked like Floyd was rubbing his glove in Maidana's face and mouth. But I can't see any bite. And Maidana was wearing mouthpiece.
Floyd says his hand went numb after "bite"? Ridiculous. Laughable. Even if Maidana did bite him, Floyd HAD A THICK GLOVE ON.
I had it 115-112 Floyd.
Floyd dances, ducks, clutches, grabs, runs out clock, loses R12 but wins fight pretty easily.  Had to rely on "bite" accusation to turn tide
Low blow for Floyd but he easily wins R11. Amazing, though, how little power Floyd's "power" punches generate. Maidana basically unmarked
Kenny Bayless took that round away from Maidana. Not a foul.
Floyd fighting mad now, wins R9 landing lots of nifty jabs, counters. Maybe needed to accuse Mai of biting to fire up himself.
Bite or no bite, Floyd wins R8. I still have it a very close fight.
Floyd saying Maidana bit his glove??? Kenny Bayless says he didn't see anything.
Floyd clinics Maidana, wins R7. This was where Maidana began to fade in first fight. Is he in better shape now? About to find out.
Maidana wins R6 only because Floyd basically took it off. Not much landed by either. But Maidana took the fight to Floyd.
Floyd turns aggressor, outboxes Maidana in middle of ring. Wins R5. But missing with a surprising number of punches.
Maidana tries to put Floyd away. Floyd shows he can really take punches. But Mai wins R4, even w/ little Floyd rally.
Maidana lands late shot but Floyd wins R3, rope-a-doping early then taking fight to Mai in middle of ring. Late Mai right hurt, though.
Closer 2nd round but slight edge to Maidana. Still the aggressor, even though traded decent shots.
Maidana wins R1 as Floyd dances and runs. Mai got him good w/ right on ropes. Maybe Floyd trying to tire him early.
You know you're in good hands when a Bayless refs your fight.
Floyd coming out solo? No Lil Wayne or Bieber? This mean Floyd taking Maidana much more seriously than first time?
As born/bred OU Sooners fan, I'm incapable of objectivity. This team loaded in both trenches, but still hoping TKnight consistent enough.
Watching OU-Tenn and @Common's return to "Hell on Wheels." @Common's character Elam, who made the show go, JUST DIED. NOOOOOOOOOO!
This time Maidana will give Floyd all he wants for all 12 rounds, then it will be in the judges' hands.
Stephen A. Smith is picking Dallas to win at Tenn AND TRYING TO JINX MY COWBOYS. OK, so I'm unjinxing 'em by picking Titans big, 37-10.
Before season, I said Seattle would lose only 1 game: at SanDiego. Now don't love it, wouldn't bet on it but must stick w/ it: SD 20-19
Today's podcast: http://t.co/YZjbqRc61K
Will I hang in with my Chargers-Seahawks and cowboys-Titans picks? Does Maidana have a shot vs Floyd? Stephen A and I debate 10-12E, ESPN2
Up for talking NFL Sunday tomorrow 10-12E ESPN2. Dallas-Tenn, Atl-Cincy, NE-Minn, Seattle-SD, Chi-SF. Can't wait.
As much as I like Tomlin, Ben, Polamalu  Steelers look like odd team out of playoffs in North. Cincy, Balt just better.
Maybe Tomlin should've run onto field and tackled JJones, just to inspire his team. Steelers' only hope tonight.
Second Steelers hit definitely a penalty. Still have no idea how Polamalu hit was "clearly" a penalty. Absurd.
How can that be a penalty on Polamalu? Where was he supposed to hit the receiver? How long was he supposed to wait? No longer football.
#NeverForgetSeptember11
Ravens could be unfocused tonite after so much RayRice fallout. But they're better than Steelers. Score might be too high but: Balt 30-28.
NFL sponsors just might get cold feet if fear their customers are getting turned off to NFL after seeing the spitting/striking video so much
Either Goodell watched the elevator video or chose not to. Either way, he should lose his job. Roger Dodger.
As the AP reports nails down, the NFL was in possession of the elevator video. On a VM, a WOMAN said she got it and that it was "terrible."
NFL's "independent probe" a rather desperate attempt to save face, buy time. Could drag on for months, can't trust findings. Roger Dodger.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/IwZ7qiaQDU
10-12 E, ESPN2: We discuss if Goodell is now definitely gone, Ozzie Newsome on Ray Rice and NOW president's comments on Goodell. Do not miss
10-12 E, ESPN2: We discuss Goodell on RayRice, Floyd Mayweather on Ray Rice and civil rights reaction to the Atlanta Hawks situation.
Enlightened and moved by #WhyIStayed and #WhyILeft. Thank you, Twitter. So important.
Roger Goodell didn't drop the ball on Ray Rice. He never even picked it up. TMZ got the tape and the NFL couldn't??? Roger Dodger.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/glIZsCDRyn
Should Goodell lose his job over this? Will Ray Rice ever play again? Join Stephen A and me 10-12E ESPN2.
Best NFC East quarterback I saw in season openers was  none of 'em?
NFC East sure looks up for grabs, doesn't it, Cowboy fans?
As much as I love Dez Bryant, he isn't in Calvin Johnson's league. Difference in this game is Lions have Megatron and Giants don't.
My opinion: Ray Rice should be gone for the rest of the season.
Goodell said new punishment for domestic violence isn't retroactive. But now he had better make an exception. Let NFLPA try to fight it.
Our legal system and our NFL commisisoner look so bad and shameful now that we've seen what actually happened inside that elevator.
Without even posing the threat of read option, RG3 no longer RG3. Ran it zero times at Hou. If JGruden wants Andy Dalton, play Kirk Cousins.
Romo: 31 TD passes to just 10 INTs last yr. Threw 3 INTs in first q and a half! One returned (almost) for TD! End zone INT cost 7 more pts!
If Romo just rusty, no problem. If back surgery made him inaccurate, weak-armed: big trouble. That was as off-target as ever seen him.
Cowboys D, which is supposed to be historically awful, played far, far better than I expected yesterday. (But Romo played far worse).
Wash scored 6? Philly trailed JAX 17-0f? NYG up against it @Det? Dallas D shut out SF 2nd half, allowed only 14 total? Advantage, Dallas.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/alWBImucVr
Around 11am today, Stephen A and I discuss the Atlanta Hawks situation. What a show this will be.
10-12 E, ESPN: We debate Broncos, Cowboys, Pats, Saints, Browns, RG3, Cutler, Foles, Antonio Brown, tonight's games.
We discuss the Ray Rice video 10am E ESPN2.
First Take is going to be CRAZY tomorrow. 10-12 E, ESPN2. I'd better try to get five hours of sleep.
Amazing how many teams dominated the first half on Opening NFL Sunday, then fell apart in the 2nd half.
Amazing how dominant Peyton and Co. looked in the first half, then how ordinary in the 2nd half  with little to no rush on Luck.
Remember, it's a loooooooooooong season.
Can't wait to ask Stephen A how the teams he picked to make it to the Super Bowl did in their openers. 10am E, ESPN2.
From what I saw today, really like Cowboys' chances of winning NFC East.
Well, I hit half the 49ers' score right on the nose. And Dallas did win 2nd half 14-0. Unfortunately Cowboys GAVE Niners 2 1st half TDs.
How can Dez Bryant, in the season opener, when his team has a chance to get back in the game, check out of the 4th q w/ "dehydration"?
I'm not sure I can watch much more of this. If you'd told me DeMarco would hand 'em one TD, then Romo another, then throw end zone INT 
Can't see any way Saints wind up with NFC title game at home. Hence, can't see any way Saints win NFC, as many do. Seattle, easily.
Matt Bryant: CLUTCH.
Stephen A got tired of me always being right about Patriots -- so HE picked 'em to WIN THE SUPER BOWL. Hexed 'em! Blow lead at Mia, lose.
Steelers put it in neutral at half with 27-3 lead, turn Hoyer into Pro Bowler. Make that Johnny Bench.
RG3 15 of 17 but all dinks/dunks. Team only 2-8 on 3rd down. Shaky vs rush. Down 8 at half. No more excuses this season.
Pittsburgh 27, Hoyer 3 at half. Time for you-know-who  who should've started.
Marcus Mariota has it all - arm, speed, height. But still not sold on his feel for playing quarterback.
MichSt looked like better team for half. But getting blown out at Oregon knocks MichSt out of playoff contention b/c Big 10 so down.
Stanford does everything vs USC except win -- because of the dreaded missed chipshot field goal.
THANK YOU to all who read WHY Jerry Jones won't  put Jimmy Johnson in Ring: http://t.co/BJVW0Rvski
Agree w/Jerry Jones: Michael Sam has an unteachable knack for rushing passer. Not biggest or fastest. But can be productive for Dallas.
N.O&gt;Atl. Balt&gt;Cincy. NE&gt;Mia. T.B&gt;Car. Wash&gt;Hou. Den&gt;Indy. Pitt&gt;Cle unless "Johnny Cleveland" plays.
Dallas 31, San Francisco 28.
Indy would've had a much better shot at winning a Super Bowl if it had kept Peyton for 3 more years. Huge mistake.
Amazing thing about PercyHarvin is that he's so quick/fast yet he RUNS SO HARD. Fearless to a fault. Sometimes should protect self more.
Last night the Baaaaaad Man that is AaronRodgers was just bad. Hasn't played big in big games for past 2 years. And he's The Best? Nope.
Stunned/disappointed in ARodg for chickening out, refusing to go after RSherman ONE TIME. Sent wrong message to team: We're not good enough.
My column on why I DO NOT blame Jerry Jones for refusing to put Jimmy Johnson in Ring of Honor: http://t.co/BJVW0Rvski
Today's podcast: http://t.co/1Zl5XztWsn
ARodg 22-33 but mostly dinked and dunked for just 189 yards. How will Stephen A defend that "baaaaad man" of his at 10am E, ESPN2?
I said 31-13. I underestimated Seattle a little: 36-16. And by his preseason standards, Russell Wilson didn't play all that well.
What a call.
Seattle should've gone Beast Mode three straight times. Green Bay wouldn't have been able to keep him out of the end zone.
That's on ARodg.
Biggest surprise: The way Green Bay pressured RWilson and the way Seattle did NOT consistently pressure ARodg.
Earl Thomas, with assist from Richard Sherman, gave Packers one TD or this game wouldn't be that close.
I am so ready for some FOOTBALL.
Peyton will win MVP but Tom Brady once again will be the NFL's best quarterback.
I'll admit I grew up a Cowboy fan but I have a strangely good feeling about this year's team. Should be 6-10. Will be 10-6.
Especially if Cowboys stun reeling SF on Sunday, schedule sets up for 10-6. Offense will SCORE. D will surprise and be effectively average.
RG I I I. The capital letter, not the Roman numeral.
Cowboys D should be awful but FINALLY this yr nobody picking Dallas. Will get sick of hearing how bad they are. Overachieve under RodM.
Cowboys won at Philly 17-3 last yr. Nearly swept div by beating Philly w/ KYLE ORTON. Will go 5-1 in div again this yr, finish 10-6.
Call me crazy, but Cowboys win division BY DEFAULT. Philly misses DeSean. RG3 still not right physically or psychologically.
Tonight: Seattle 31, GBay 13. Seattle loses only in Week 2, at SDiego. Sweeps NFC West.
NFC title game: Seattle over N.O. in Seattle. AFC: NE over SD in Foxboro. Super Bowl: Seattle 24, NE 23.
My AFC div picks: NE 14-2, SD 13-3, Indy 11-5, Cincy 10-6. WCards: Den 12-4, Balt 10-6. No Chiefs or Steelers.
My NFC div picks: Seattle 15-1, GBay 11-5, N.O. 12-4, Dallas 10-6. Wild cards: Tampa 10-6, Detroit 10-6. No SF, Ariz, Chi, Car, Phi, Wash.
TODAY'S NFL PREDICTIONS PODCAST: http://t.co/NT7tZGYWHJ
Stephen A and I debate our NFL picks and Seattle-Green Bay,10-11:30 ESPN2. I might have an NFC East surprise if I have the guts.
ARodgers and Co. are in danger of getting blown out tomorrow night in Seattle. Can't wait.
I still believe in RG3 but he's really starting to scare me. Every media session turns into RG3 talking about RG3 and his feelings, not team
MSam perfect fit in Dallas. Won't be a distraction for team whose owner's walking, talking distraction. They need edge rusher. Sam is that.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/BYeAT3jPjD
Huge news day! Stephen A and I debate Wes Welker's denial, Sam to Cowboys and Irsay's punishment, Don't miss this 10-12 E, ESPN2.
As I said Monday on First Take, I was surprised the Cowboys didn't sign Michael Sam. Now, looks like they're preparing to.
JJWatt deserved his $. But would I take him over Robert Quinn? Close call. Probably not. Over Earl Thomas? Close call. Probably not.
Not since 1972 has an NFL that lost the previous SBowl bounced back to win it (Miami). That's one historical stat I take to the bank.
Consensus of 80 ESPN experts Denver will win SBowl? OVER SEATTLE, WHICH LOOKS EVEN BETTER THAN LAST YEAR? Denver D isn't THAT much better.
Consensus of 80 ESPN experts that ARodg will win MVP over PEYTON MANNING? Absurd. No way will ARodg put up better passing numbers.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/WrDd9b3IUJ
10-11:30E, ESPN2. Stephen A and I debate Denver concensus SBowl pick? ARodg over Peyton for MVP? JJWatt best def player? DCarr good idea?
Today's Labor Day podcast: http://t.co/dfQ0bW6F6e
No holiday for Stephen A and me. We're on 10-12 E, ESPN2 today as always. Join us as we discuss Sam, 49ers, Jerry, FlaSt, Ala, Ray Allen.
PROGRAM ALERT: Stephen A and I will be on tomorrow, Labor Day, from 10-12E, ESPN2. So much to talk about - MSam to 49er issues. Join us!
Wisc DLine injuries open way for LSU comeback. After talking to Les Miles, I overrated LFournette's instant impact. Don't see explosion. Yet
Early Heisman leader: Todd Gurley. Now, can he stay healthy running through SEC foes?
FlaSt very lucky JW Walsh chose to let go of the football to break his fall with both hands. Game-turning fumble.
Jameis wasn't great but pretty good when had to be. FSU isn't overrated but OklaSt is underrated.
I've watched a bunch of shaky openers that underscore my longtime point: NCAA should allow one preseason tuneup game. Imagine NFL w/o one.
Can't see FlaSt losing a reg season game. Can't see Noles losing a playoff game (Bama, LSU, Oregon other 3). FSU wins it all.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/nqfehI2Rtz
Shannon Sharpe at the debate desk 10-12 E, ESPN2. Domestic violence policy, Johnny/Kenny Football, Jerry Jones tampering, Tony Stewart.
Russell Wilson CONTINUES to play at the highest level of any NFL quarterback through this preseason.
SHANNON SHARPE returns to First Take tomorrow 10-12 E. Don't miss this.
Aggies actually played a little D tonight at SCar. Played none last year for Johnny Football.
On a stunningly great opening night for new A&amp;M QB Kenny Hill, Manziel continues to struggle throwing into 3rd q. Also stunning.
Manziel has thrown too many fluttery deep balls, off-target drill shots. Has thrown well run. Has run well. But just a C+ performance.
After a couple of lousy throws, Manziel goes Johnny Football, leads electrifying TD drive. Maybe he just needed a Snickers.
Manziel finally gets to throw a deeper pass, right on target, and backup TE drops it. Ug. Meanwhile back at A&amp;M, "Kenny Football" starring.
Decent opening drive by Brian Hoyer - though missed wide-open JCameron for TD and he's playing against Bears' young backups.
Back by popular demand: SHANNON SHARPE AT THE DEBATE DESK AGAIN TODAY 10-12E ESPN2. Man was ON FIRE in pre-show meeting.
Amazing that MJ at 51 is STILL a bigger star than LeBron or Kobe or KD. It's like MJ just won his 6th ring (and 6th Finals MVP) last June.
I'm no big JGarrett fan but ranked 30th among NFL coaches? UNFAIR. 29-27. No losing season. Nearly swept div last year w/ decimated D.
KLove could suffer under unfair expectations next season as Bosh did early in Miami. As 3rd wheel, will get too much blame, little credit.
KLove: foul/injury prone. Averaged a no-pressure, no-defense 26/12 in Minn. Zero playoff experience. Rep for shrinking in clutch time.
TWolves' owner is right: KLove's value to Cleveland being overhyped. But owner shouldn't have said this publicly.  Accurate sour grapes.
No surprise over and no issue with Josh Gordan's 1-year suspension. Here's hoping he uses the time to get the right help.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/p5bV4X6mB1
TWolves owner shots at Love fair or foul? Mankins trade hurts Pats' chances this year? JGarrett ranked 30th of coaches? Join SAS and me 10E!
TWolves owner critical of KevinLove, makes some good points. Stephen A and I will discuss 'em tomorrow 10-12E ESPN2. Can't wait.
Cool watching Michael Jordan watch Roger Federer at USOpen then hearing Fed talk about how MJ was always his idol. MJ: Ultimate GOAT.
Would you want Incognito on YOUR team? At QB, Rams should go after ...? Should Jerry give Dez big $? Will Jameis win Heisman? Join us 10-12E
Tebow was given one chance to start in the NFL. All he did was lift a sorry 1-4 team to the division title and a playoff win. Now, he's out.
If I were Rams, I'd give Tebow a shot. But no, they say they really like Shaun Hill. OK, fine, finish last in the division.
I keep trying to convince myself Cowboys will surprise everyone - then their defense looked worse than ever at Miami. Just defenseless.
I still believe in RG3 but the pressure now mounts for him to remotely resemble his rookie self in the opener vs. Texans.
Still more than week before we make predictions but right now I see a Seattle-New England Super Bowl - and a much better game than last yr.
The NFC West is OVER. Seahawks just might sweep it now.
Tiger Woods should BEG Butch Harmon to coach him again. Doubt he will, but would turn around his majors performances.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/3PayYKGZBx
Who's side are you on, Peyton/Welker's or Swearinger/O'Brien's? Should KCousins replace RG3? 49ers in trouble? NE&gt;Den? 10-12E, ESPN2.
I keep trying to love Arizona's chances this season, and tonight, Carson Palmer just won't let me.
That Swearinger hit on Welker did not deserve a flag or a chewing out from Peyton Manning. Not a dirty play.
Kaep, SF starters still look (to quote Harbaugh) "off." Seattle looks "on." Ariz lost Dockett, DWash. St.L lost poor SBradford. Adv SEATTLE.
Manziel lighting it up in Cleveland - already did more in one series than Hoyer did in 2+ quarters. 2 good throws, escape for TD.
Poor Sam Bradford out of game, again, with some kind of knee injury. Walked to locker room. Hope he's OK.
From what I've seen so far this preseason, Seattle still easily NFC's best, NE AFC's best.
JCutler should've had 2 TD passes vs Legion of Boom - 1 bomb dropped, 1 nullified bogus flag. But RWilson shredding Chi. 31-0 at half.
A 2-QB system??? Mike Pettine, who learned under Rex Ryan, is risking ruining both QBs. See Sanchez/Tebow. One or the other, Mike.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/kXuK2MbRVc
10-12 E, ESPN2: Tomlin out of bounds for playing Bell/Blount? Will Seahawks try to humiliate Cutler tonight? Stephen A and I debate.
If LeSean's wrist OK, Eagles still have many weapons (including stud Vandy rookie Jordan Matthews). But they will miss DeSean deep speed.
Surprised Steelers organization allowing Bell and Blount to play tonight.
Foles off early, found some short-pass rhythm. Ben mostly off. But still trust Ben will have better season. No way Foles repeats 2013.
Maclin looked completely OK on that catch. Now Eagles wait on test result of LeSean McCoy's banged-up wrist.
That did not look good for Jeremy Maclin, hyperextending knee whose ACL was torn last year. But at least he walked off. Hope he's OK.
I finally did it. I took the Ice Bucket Challenge: http://t.co/Wx4B3O30Co
Today's podcast: http://t.co/p3ndGvh6Io
10-12 E, ESPN2: Stephen A and I debate Steelers busted for weed, DRose's health???, KD's shocking offer, Cowboys' runaway value. JOIN US.
Mo'ne Davis displayed rare pitching command/savvy for 13-yr-old w/ her 5 Ks. Can also swing bat. But LV lineup, D just too good.
The Dallas Cowboys are still America's Team.
Cowboys' value rises 36%, again NFL's most valuable on Forbes list. Still most loved/hated/watched team despite no playoffs 4 years.
Stephen A seemed surprised today when I ranked Tim Duncan above James Harden. Going into next yr, it isn't even close.
Boomer Esiason says rest of NFL hates Manziel. Did the rest of the SEC? Nick Saban called him toughest competitor he's ever faced.
I believe Pettine/Farmer/KShanahan hope Hoyer starts every game this season.
If Browns started Manziel every game: 9-7. If start Hoyer every game: 6-10. Manziel would make more mistakes but far more game-turning plays
Today's podcast: http://t.co/BNG05D1o4B
Also today 10-12 E , ESPN2, we discuss Mo'ne Davis' impact. Is this too much too soon for Little League stars? Her game tonite must-see.
Browns name Brian Hoyer starter. Good luck with that. Stephen A and I debate this decision at 10 am E, ESPN2. Do not miss this.
Amused all the Manziel Haters have come out of hiding. SEE, HE'S A BUST AND A BAD GUY!!! He'll send you back into the shadows soon enough.
10am E, ESPN2: Should flipping off Skins bench cost Manziel the job? Will RG3 ever learn to slide and stay healthy? Stephen A and I debate.
Went to bed hoping Manziel was somehow signaling his OC/sideline for personnel or a play wanted. Nope. Flipped off Skins bench. 10E, ESPN2.
Can't wait for First Take tomorrow 10-12 E, ESPN2. Stephen A should be in rare form after this.
Pretty good drive by Manziel  though hope he was gesturing to his coordinator and not Washington bench.
More weirdness. Now Manziel back in. Typical way to do this is let a QB get into a longer rhythm. 1st year head coach trying to prove self.
Disappointed for Manziel but not surprised. Should be a junior at A&amp;M. Now has had 2 short stints playing NFL QB. Going to be VERY GOOD.
Maybe Rex Grossman will win the Browns QB job.
Weird, Hoyer starting, giving way to Manziel early, now warming up to come back in.
So far so shaky for Johnny Manziel. Looking a little overwhelmed by Skins pressure and disguised coverages by vet secondary.
Knee looked down before Morris reached ball across goal line.
Sweet deep ball by RG3.
Poor first pass for Manziel but could do nothing about Kerrigan's bull-rush sack. At least Pettine's giving him a real shot, 1s vs. 1s.
Are you ready for some Johnny Football?
Just when RG3 was looking like his great rookie self, he went Last Year with that fling-it-and-hope INT.
RG3 still doesn't know how to SLIDE. Scary.
Wait, I thought Pettine said Hoyer &amp; Manziel would get equal 1st-half snaps, which meant Manziel 2nd quarter. He's coming in now? GREAT!
While Peyton again looks like he could win MVP, Tom Brady will have the better team and the last laugh.
3rd time isn't the charm? Eli twice has bounced back from leading NFL in INTs to make Pro Bowl. Not this time.
Maybe it would be better for Manziel to ease into the job. But it won't be better for the Browns.
Watch Manziel get no more than a series (or two) w/ starters, 3-4 more w/ backups vs backups. If he lights it up, easily discounted.
Hope I'm wrong, but don't see any way Manziel wins job tonite. Deck stacked. Browns don't want to crumble under public pressure to start him
Today's podcast: http://t.co/u1VosWih9m
10-11 E ESPN2: Are the Niners THAT bad? Is Eli? Will Manziel win job tonite? Cavs now favorites to WIN IT ALL? Anthony Davis=Bill Russell?
This brand new 49er stadium is all well and good. But I already miss Candlestick BECAUSE I WITNESSED SO MANY GREAT GAMES THERE.
Did NBA waive Cavs salary cap so LeBron's new team could load up? Marion signs? Ray next? Only thing missing is a Batman.
Peyton Manning is looking a whole lot like  Peyton Manning.
AND  get ready to see a whole lot of this all season: long TDs scored against Dallas D and special teams.
The NFL's most exciting receiver TO WATCH is Dez Bryant.
Ger ready to see a whole lot of this all season: Romo deep to Dez, touchdown.
Hiding my eyes as Romo tried to make tackle after botched exchange that led to Ravens TD. Last thing Dallas needs to Romo hurt again.
I wish Johnny Manziel were with a team whose entire coaching and management staff really, really wanted him. Not the case in Cleveland.
If Johnny Manziel ever gets a real shot, he'll be much better than Blake Bortles. Jags (and several others) should've taken Johnny Football.
I'm definitely not saying Bortles will be great or even very good. Not sure about arm strength. But he's better than Henne. Start him now.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/rxnExURqiE
10-11 am E: Stephen A and I debate Bortles, Bears, Manziel, Team USA issues and we discuss Ferguson. Join us!
Ka'Deem Carey reminds me a little of Emmitt. Extreme quickness. Vision. Feel. No big speed is no big deal. Kid's a steal.
Liking a lot I'm seeing from Jags, Bortles. They should just go ahead and start him. He'll be fine and they'll be better.
Jay Cutler is going to have a HUGE year. Not so sure about the upgraded Bears defense.
If LeBron knew for sure he'd be playing w/ Love and Kyrie BEFORE his "coming home" essay in SI, this isn't quite the fairytale it 1st seemed
Only people I know for sure pushed to draft Manziel at No. 22 were QB coach Dowell Loggains and ultimately owner Jimmy Haslam. Hmmm.
If Manziel is allowed to play with starters, he'll win job from Hoyer. Maybe that's what Pettine and Kyle Shanahan are afraid of.
Browns decision-makers just don't get it. Not starting Manziel on Monday. Trying to show won't give in to public pressure. Foolish. PLAY HIM
Today's podcast: http://t.co/yx7DE1QFNR. If you missed the Kaepernick topic, please give it a listen.
Lil Wayne joins Stephen A and me today. Did LeBron know about KLove deal BEFORE he "went home"? Revis struggling vs Eagles? 10 E, ESPN2
Lil Wayne back on First Take tomorrow. Believe this will be his 10th appearance on our show. The man always has something to say.
Doubt many if any Heat fans will boo LeBron. But they will cheer for DWade and Co. like it's Game 7. ONE MAN I DON'T BET AGAINST: DWADE.
Steph is a much better jumpshooter than LeBron B/C HE'S BETTER THAN ANYONE ELSE. But not better all-around offensive player. Blasphemy.
BTW, I said BEFORE THAT DRAFT I would take Steph over Blake Griffin and I stand by that.
LeBron, I got your back on this. StephCurry is NOT a better all-around offensive player than you. Not a better scorer or passer.
The marquee game on Christmas is LeBron at DWade. The MOST SIGNIFICANT GAME is Spurs-Thunder. Title implications.
Peyton doesn't like camp fights b/c teams don't fight in games? He plays QB, not football. His FOOTBALL TEAM needs to toughen up.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/m6eEHZJVwG
Should Sterling's wife still be involved w/ Clips? My issue w/ with Peyton anti-fighting. A driver defends Tony Stewart. 10E ESPN2
Shannon Sharpe joins the debate desk to set me straight on Cowboys, Manziel, LeBron and RG3. Join Stephen A and me 10am E, ESPN2.
#RIPRobinWilliams  Such improv genius inspired by so many demons.
New podcast link: 
http://t.co/xtGwWdsqKE
Tomorrow: Shannon Sharpe comes to Bristol for our whole show. He had better be ready.
Sorry, wrong link to podcast. Will update.
NO! Putting Vick in wildcat an insult to both QBs. Choose one or the other, Rex. Don't ruin both the way you did Tebow/Sanchez.
If Browns start Manziel vs RG3 week from tonight, it will be an EVENT and Manziel will light it up and win the job.
If Tiger says he's 100% and wants to play Ryder Cup, choose him, Tom Watson -- just on presence alone.
PGA ratings biggest since YE Yang caught Tiger. No surprise. But how often will 3 biggest draws besides Tiger battle to the wire?
Kyle Shanahan: Don't CALL running plays for Manziel. A&amp;M didn't much. He'll run enough on own. He's not Tebow. Doesn't need read option.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/hIziL1aAvP
Did Manziel win the job? Can golf flourish without Tiger? Please, no: Vick in the wildcat??? Stephen a and I debate 10-12 E, ESPN2.
Congrats to Rory McIlroy, who is dominating golf the way Tiger once did, starting with staggering length off the tee.
It's a shame such a great major championship Sunday had to end in thundering darkness. Should've called it till after tomorrow's rain.
Shout out to the shootout at the PGA. For once I'm not missing, you know, what's his name?
I can't believe that on a Saturday night I've watched every snap of the CLEVELAND BROWNS first preseason game. Guess why. Guess who.
Manziel obviously has a much stronger arm and is a little more accurate and much more athletic and elusive than Hoyer.
Two undrafted free agent receivers just cost Manziel two impressive completions for first downs.
Here's hoping Manziel gets to start with the starters a week from Monday night against RG3 at Washington.
Browns backup O line getting annihilated.
Great slide by Manziel. Hurt D without risking getting hurt. That's what he did NOT do in college.
Not sure if that was a called keep or Manziel's option. Either way, Lions all over it. Not his forte. Scrambler more than designed runner.
One for one.
Brian Hoyer looked pretty good. He always looks pretty good. But Manziel eventually will be much, much better.
Are you ready for some (Johnny) FOOTBALL?
I love watching Tiger, but if you're not watching this no-Tiger major, you just don't like golf. Shaping up as one of great shootouts ever.
I said a long time ago on First Take that Tiger would NOT break Jack's record. With Rory's emergence, I feel even more strongly about that.
Watching all this LeBron Mania, I'm wondering if I only dreamed that the Spurs just beat LeBron's Team by A RECORD FINALS MARGIN.
Herm Edwards just called tonight's Browns game maybe the biggest preseason game in last 10 years  because of JOHNNY MANZIEL. Go, Johnny, go
Jay Cutler is going to have a huge year  It's the YearOfTheCommodore.
Yes, it was just the first preseason game, but  TWO INTERCEPTIONS FOR NICK FOLES, matching last season's total?
Judge's decision is small 1st step toward college players being paid what worth. But capping at max $20,000 after leave school? Joke!
Had to steam Tiger that he had to watch playing partner Phil beat him by seven shots today.
When Tiger said he was pain free, I thought he'd play well at PGA w/ no expectations. But limped thru 2nd round. Sad shell of former self.
Guy I want taking the last shot on LeBron's new team is Kyrie. But wants ball in his hands a lot. Not sure how he'll click w/ LBJ and Love.
LeBron's new team being overrated. Little playoff experience beyond him and broken-down Verajao. Love not clutch, no D. No rim protector.
In an NBA finals, the Spurs would beat LeBron's new team even worse than they beat his old team.
Best thing for the Browns would be to fast-track Manziel to start in Week 1. Best for Manziel would be waiting till has command of new O.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/2CbKIx8GGj
Stephen A and I about to debate Broncos, Jets, Cowboys and KD's decision. 10-11 E, EsPN2.
I am so glad the NFL is back.
These 33-yard extra points are growing one me because they're definitely miss-able.
I've always liked Brandon Weeden and liked even more on that rollout TD pass (OklaSt to OU). He can win games if Romo goes down.
Remember, too, that Seattle destroyed Denver in last summer's preseason game. So far, not tonight - now game suspended for lightning.
It was no small thing for Peyton, Denver to sustain a long drive for a 7-0 TD on Seattle. Psyche needed it after Super Bowl humiliation.
1st half of NE-Wash: Saw couple flashes of pre-injury RG3. Redskins are going to be good. Very good.
I know it's just the first half of the 1st preseason game. But Michael Vick would give the Jets a much better chance to win than Geno.
Lebron, returning to No. 23, incredibly winds up w/ Kyrie, Love, MMiller, maybe even Ray, Matrix. Now, no more excuses. Should win East.
Can't believe Minnesota didn't hold out for more for Love. Why cave now? Tim-berrrrr (Wolves). Fleeced. Wiggins will never be big star.
I don't blame KDurant for leaving Team USA, especially after Paul George injury. KD plays most NBA mins, should focus on winning title.
We react to Tiger playing the PGA. What do we expect from Manziel, Romo, Geno, Cam? Which NFL team goes worst to 1st? SAS and I debate 10 E
If Tiger decides to try playing PGA, bet he contends on Sunday, finishes top 5. Beware the injured or sick golfer. Hyper focused.
On new DISH commercial: Who was biggest NFL bust ... The Boz, Heath Shuler or Matt Leinart?
One day, I believe, Becky Hammon will be the NBA's first female head coach. That's how much Pop thinks of her. This was no PR move. Legit.
Michael Vick has to know that by saying Geno will be 10 times better this year that he's putting 10 times more pressure on the kid.
I realize MartellusB isn't always into practicing, but he finally shows some aggression, some hit-back, and that's the last straw? Huh?
If only we'd had the full two hours today. Had enough debate material for three hours. Tomorrow: Back to two hours.
Today's podcast, featuring the return of my friend @stephenasmith: http://t.co/CPX5xCOXTB
Stephen A and I about to return ... 10-11 E, ESPN2. Can't wait. See you in a few.
Tomorrow 10am E, ESPN2: WE  ARE  BACK.
Brett Favre announces he'll be inducted in GB Hall of Fame next year. What took 'em so long?
I'm taking Monday and Tuesday off. See you Wednesday!
Derrick Brooks: As fine a man as I've ever had the privilege of knowing. Hall of Fame on and off the field.
I'm w/ Cuban. If I owned NBA team, no way I'd want my highly paid stars risking injury or even wear and tear playing for Team USA.
Loved it last night that Strahan thanked Tyree "and his helmet." EXACTLY. Luckiest play in SBowl history cost NE a ring it had all but won.
Tiger's body just keeps breaking down. So much weight-training, distance-running, Seal-training, power-swinging and now price-paying.
Classy, right move by Coach K calling off the rest of this scrimmage in respect to Paul George and his family.
HATE seeing Paul George get hurt in Team USA scrimmage. Hope it's not as bad as it looks, because it looks bad. God bless him.
Marshawn caved pretty quickly and took relatively little to end holdout. Didn't have much leverage. Maybe year or 2 left of Beast Mode.
Congrats to Tony Parker on new deal. Condolences to the NBA. Spurs just won't go away. Back to back, baby.
I believe the Oakland A's just won the World Series. Bold, brilliant moves, Billy. How about a ring to go with your movie?
When Johnny Football says he's better in games than practice, he's telling a truth Cleveland soon will learn.
FlaSt should be PROHIBITIVE favorite. Jimbo as confident a coach as I've ever seen in preseason. Heisman winner returns to LOADED team.
Jerry Jones, as positive a thinker as I've ever known, sent out playoff tickets b/c he truly believes it. Of course, that's delusional.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/bT5dF7ir0x
Did Ray Rice say enough? Did Marshawn get enough? LeSean cutting out junk food? Coaches college poll - FSU unbeatable? 10am E, ESPN2
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/VEwgBBQzqK
RG3 wants to stay in pocket? Manziel being snubbed by teammates? Cutler MVP? What do you want to hear from Ray Rice? 10am E, ESPN2.
Pat Riley said LeBron didn't mislead him  then described what sounded like LeBron misleading Riley into thinking he was staying in Miami.
As I told him: Still little bitter JamesFranklin left my school after convincing many he was Vandy-for-life. But PennSt got a dynamo.
Arizona will be playoff good. St. Louis will be dangerously good. Seattle and SF will have long hard climbs in the NFC West.
I said before the Cam draft that Patrick Peterson would end up being the best overall player in that draft, and I stand by that.
The long-term Tyron Smith deal (40 mil guaranteed) was the best money Jerry Jones has spent in a long time. A cornerstone you can trust.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/iuzWKbZ0WW
You buying Josh Gordon's failed test was 2nd-hand smoke? JFootball being overhyped? PPeterson overpaid? 10am E, ESPN2.
DeSean blasts Eagles fans? Emanuel Sanders blasts Ben? LeBron now most popular? Stephen A and I debate 10am E, ESPN2
Michael Jordan never lost an NBA Finals by a record number of points, to a team with 3 aging stars.
You Heat fans buying that 2 times 3 equals the number LeBron wore in Miami &amp; that you're still "family" to LeBron?
LeBron certainly didn't return to wearing 23 in Clev b/c he's 2-3 in Finals. To me, thinks he's now ready to challenge MJ legacy. Good luck.
LeBron chose MJ's 23 as rookie and continued MJ's powder toss b/c obviously thought he was Next MJ. Often crumbled under that pressure.
I'm fine w/ LeBron abandoning pledge to honor MJ's 23 by getting it retired by the NBA. But now I will again evaluate him by MJ standards.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/OFpbBSigEM
I don't believe Manziel will ever curtail off-field good-timing but when it's time to ball, he will BALL.
THANKS to all who read this &amp; the many who agreed. You? http://t.co/r7kNjwrGU3
My column on what SHOULD happen in college football. Agree? http://t.co/r7kNjwrGU3
Don't doubt Romo will return to being Fantasy Football superstar. But making playoffs will be fantasy for his team. He can't make THE pass.
Seahawks shouldn't pay another dollar for MLynch. High-collision Beast Mode can't last much longer in NFL. 9th season. Returns diminishing.
Sounds like TWolves will be forced to trade Love to Cavs for less. He insists won't sign with any other team, so can't pay too much to rent.
Goodell failed to send powerful message: THIS WILL NOT BE TOLERATED even if she initiates contact. Should've been at least 8-game suspension
Today's podcast: http://t.co/jFHuDQmOIG
10am E, ESPN2: Stephen A and I debate DP3's threat, RayRice's punishment, the comments made by RG3 and Romo, Lin's value to Lakers.
I don't know exactly what happened in that elevator, but knowing Goodell, I'm surprised Ray Rice was suspended for only 2 games.
The Redskins will win the NFC East and RG3 will return to being the division's best QB.
Most fascinating figure in NFL this year, on and off field, for better or worse, will be LeBron's buddy and client, Johnny Football.
Where is Jerry Jones' sense of urgency!? His anger!? His "or else" attitude!? Obviously perfectly content with 8-8. Makes me SICK.
Jerry says JGarrett not on hot seat and that Cowboys now one of youngest teams. Wants Cowboys fans to BE PATIENT after 4 nonplayoff seasons.
Day 1 of camp and I'm already depressed over Jerry's bizarre, inexplicable belief in JGarrett, who's now like Jerry's 3rd son.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/GVKlP2aoRL
10-12 E, ESPN2. Why Jerry Jones has already made me give up on my Cowboys. Why RG3 will be NFC East's best QB. And Nelly is back!
The Bulls appear to be offering A WHOLE LOT MORE for Kevin Love than Cavs are.
Stephen A (Giants fan) and Antonio Pierce (ex-Giant) both said today Giants will struggle this year. Great! Cowboys won't be East's worst.
Today's podcast: 
http://t.co/TcXytjNfwf
Was Dungy's statement enough? Will Doc Rivers quit if Sterling still owner next season? We're joined by Stoops, Charlie Strong. 10 E ESPN2
Stephen A and I are about to get into over Dungy's comment on Michael Sam. 10-12 E, ESPN2.
Leonard Fournette, LSU's freshman RB, is so Adrian Peterson good that if he'd been in last May's NFL draft, he'd have gone Top 5.
Johnny Football's No. 2 jersey already top seller? And he fell to 23rd? Whole lot of teams made a huge mistake, starting with Texans.
Do not bet against DWade next season. Or his Heat.
After LeBron basically said he couldn't win w/ DWade any more, DWade on mission to prove him wrong, losing weight, getting in peak shape.
Larry Bird, maybe greatest trash-talker ever, burned bridge w/ Lance Stephenson when criticized him for antics that distracted LeBron in G5.
Tiger has one shot at passing Nicklaus: Swallow pride and BEG Butch Harmon to coach him again, rebuild psyche &amp; confidence.
If new Cars GM LeBron James wants Kevin Love, he should offer Kyrie straight up. More valuable to LeBron, Love or Kyrie? Love.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/HSMv0C4tG5
10-12 E, ESPN2: Stephen a and I debate Tiger, Rory, Cavs, Lance Stephenson, DWade and welcome Les Miles to the desk. Don't miss that.
Tomorrow, 10-12 E, Stephen A and I debate if Tiger is done winning majors, if TWolves should take Cavs' offer for Love &amp; Rex mouthing again.
Amazing Rory now consistently most overpowering driver of golf ball while Tiger (who made early rep as long hitter) now consistently worst.
Sure looks like Rory made right choice to end relationship with a star tennis player and lock back in on his sport, golf. Bad news for Tiger
No show today or tomorrow on ESPN2 - bumped by British Open coverage. But we're back Monday. See you then.
Dr. J said on today's show the only 2 players he'd have paid to see were Tiny Archibald and George Gervin.
Indiana losing Lance Stephenson was a break for Miami, Chicago and Cleveland.
Expect DWade to be re-motivated, lose some weight, have big bounce back year, make Heat contender. #LoyaltyOverRoyalty
DWade still loves LeBron like brother but can't be happy w/ his latest decision. DWade opted out (and lost 11 mil) thinking LBJ would stay.
Loved DWade saying Home is where the heart is. Subtle shot at LeBron leaving. DWade now re-motivated to take back over team in His House.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/pU1taACamB
Did D Wade take a Twitter shot at Le Bron? Did Wainwright groove one to Jeter? Stephen A and I debate 10-12 E ESPN2.
If you had told me night before NFL draft I'd watch every Browns and every Cavs game next season, I would've laughed. Now, I will.
I don't believe Kevin Love OR Andrew Wiggins will ever be a superstar.
Brandon Flowers said he's NFL's best corner, that KC did him wrong by cutting him so late and that he chose SD over SF so can play KC twice.
What a show. Bobby Wagner said every TE is afraid of Seattle D and that Broncos were afraid. About time to start backing that up again.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/O4Xuehuoxm
More valuable now and in future,  Andrew Wiggins or Kevin Love? Would you do this deal? Stephen A and I debate 10-12 E ESPN2 plus LA guests!
On today's First Take, Golden Tate convinced me the Lions will be better than I thought.
LeBron leaving was just what DWade needed to re-motivate him. Now HE will again lead a Heat team that's being underrated in wide-open East.
LeBron wrote in open letter it will be much harder to win in Cleveland than it was in 2010 in Miami. And now much harder to make Rushmore.
LeBron's new priorities appear to be 1) getting his wife/kids/crew back to hometown and 2) making max $. Catching MJ no longer the goal.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/4lih4IqUK2
Stephen A and I debate LeBron. 10-12 E ESPN2.
I'm saving my latest thoughts on LeBron, Melo, Heat, Bulls &amp; who wins East, for Stephen A tomorrow 10-12 E, ESPN2. About to unleash.
StephenASmith has said for months on First Take that LeBron would give serious consideration to Cleveland.
Most people don't understand just how much DWade's intangibles have done for LeBron. Now, LeBron is on his own. Good luck, King.
I get LeBron's childhood buddies and inner circle wanting to return home. But not LeBron. Not for 2-3 more years w/ DWade &amp; Melo or Bosh.
I really believed LeBron wanted to play with Melo but apparently he wanted to go home more.
And I can't believe TWolves would take Waiters (whom I like) and Anthony Bennett and a 1st for Love after turned down GState haul.
Andrew Wiggins is a fine young athlete but not much of a basketball player. I don't see superstar. And TWolves would take him for KLove?
To me this says LeBron is no longer chasing MJ's 6-for-6 rings. He's now hoping to win one title for his home area.
Remember, Cavs went 33-49 w/ JJack, Hawes, CJ, Deng on top of current roster. Even if somehow land KLove, where's playoff experience?
I am shocked LeBron went home. But I am impressed. Now he will have to be truly Jordanesque to win another title. HE will have to be Batman.
LeBron James, Drama King, loving this, playing it for all it's worth. I applaud him. Brilliant. Made himself even bigger story than WCup!
If I'm Pau Gasol, I sign w/ Spurs. He loves to play basketball the right way, and THEY DO. Thunder would drive him nuts.
Now word is LeBron won't meet with Cavs? He doesn't know the new coach or new GM! Surely still has some unresolved issues w/ Dan Gilbert.
A few ppl I don't bet against. DWade is one. Still averaged 19-5-5 last season (18 in playoffs). Will get healthier, be better next year.
No show again for us tomorrow and Friday - sorry - but we're back on from LA on Monday 10-12E ESPN2 w/ lots of big-name guests from ESPYs.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/koK9nIhOh4
Surprised JCutler's MVP odds as high as 20-1. Big yr for him &amp; oddsmakers must think could have big yr. It's the Year of the Commodore.
Go, Bosh, go. I don't believe they WANT you back in Miami. LeBron wants to play w/ Melo. Take your max in H-Town, where you're a better fit.
Still believe LeBron just trying to make Cavs fans believe he's genuinely considering Cavs. PR move. But he now risks enraging them again.
I have to believe LeBron's meeting w/ Miami's brass is more for show than for real. Surely he/Riley have spoken often about master plan.
Why does LeBron - reportedly worth $250 mil - want a $20.6 mil max? Why make it harder to add supporting cast? Aren't rings the only goal?
Melo should hope Bosh leaves. LeBron should take far less so Melo can get Miami's max, far less than NY's, &amp; Riley can add serviceable big.
I cannot see Minnesota trading Kevin Love to Cavs for Andrew Wiggins. Terrible deal for Minnesota. Wiggins so unproven, risky.
I cannot see LeBron wanting to play with the current Cavs roster. Too young, green, defensively soft. Ray, MMiller wouldn't help that much.
Is today's meeting with LeBron make or break for the Heat brass? Stephen A and I tell you what we know and think 10-12 E, ESPN2.
Stephen A and I about to debate the latest we've heard about Bosh/LeBron/Melo. 10-12E, ESPN2. Also: JGraham. RG3 statue. Big Papi.
LeBron offended by Pat Riley's speech? Thought HE was being called out - "don't run"? That's what StephenA &amp; BWindhorst heard.
If I'm Chris Bosh, age 30, I take max deal in Houston. No state tax. Home state. Contender. Already has 2 rings. Not critical wins another.
Heat fans: If you could have Bosh or Melo with LeBron and DWade, you would want ? Exactly.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/X3KCsqKAAM
WE ARE BACK! Stephen A and I are about to debate LeBron, Melo, Josh Gordon. 10-12E, ESPN2. JOIN US IN A FEW.
Stephen A and I return  TOMORROW 10-12 E, ESPN.
Patty Mills AND NOW BORIS DIAW both re-sign with Spurs! Now even LeBron AND Melo joining Kobe/Gasol wouldn't be enough to dethrone them.
MONDAY  Stephen A and I debate LeBron, Melo, DRose, DWade/Bosh, Neymar/dirty play, new Tom Brady ranking. 10-12 E, ESPN2.
Stephen A and I return  MONDAY.
Happy birthday, America. Enjoy the fireworks.
PATTY MILLS STAYS WITH SPURS. Huge. Repeat looking better and better. Go, Spurs, go.
First Take returns  MONDAY!
I'm already getting itchy for NFL training camps to open.
The Jimmy Graham ruling was WRONG. Should be paid as a wideout. Saints should see fit to do just that.
If Cavs give Gordon Hayward a max offer sheet, that will be dumbest move of free agency.
Exactly when did Pau Gasol become such a hot commodity?
So Manu played through Finals with a stress fracture AND THE SPURS STILL BEAT LEBRON'S TEAM BY A RECORD FINALS MARGIN.
Still believe LeBron will keep everyone guessing for a while, love the attention, then stay in Miami. As he should.
If Melo does leave NY, I believe it would be for Houston. Can't see him committing to an aging Kobe and maybe Gasol.
Happy for Melo that he's getting to play the field for his 1st time, getting red carpet in Chi, Hou, LA. But don't rule out staying w/ Phil
Cannot believe Dempsey didn't convert that bit of trickery. But great save.
Hold the phone, we're still breathing thanks to a late appearance by our youngest player ever. Almost felt like we were emptying bench.
Oh, well, it was a great against-all-odds run, especially without Altidore.
Unfortunately, we finally made the first big defensive mistake.
Crazy as it seems, I like our chances. Our kind of defensive battle. Just need one Beligium mental lapse.
Tim Howard just spent much of 93 minutes under attack and made every gutsy right decision and save.
Messi finally beat three-on-one with a beautiful pass. Manu must have loved it.
REMEMBER: First Take returns a week from today, Monday, July 7. I'm counting the days until I get to debate Stephen A on all this NBA news.
First big Phil splash in NY: Calderon great fit for triangle, Dalembert underrated rim protector., Cleanthony steal of 2nd round.
I do believe Pat Riley's acquisition of Shabazz - LeBron's favorite NCAA player - makes it even more likely LeBron stays in Miami.
I usually don't love players like McDermott this high in draft, but I do love his toughness, strength and range (often vs NCAA double teams)
Way to go, MJ. Charlotte keeps getting better. Every time I watched Noah Vonleh play, I saw NBA. Long, smooth, skilled. Steal at 9.
I'm sorry, I'm not buying Nik Stauskas as the 8th pick in the draft. Too high for what will amount mostly to a spot-up shooter.
If Julius Randle stays healthy, he'll be better than Wiggins, at least as good as Jabari if not better. Very good pick for rebuilding Lakers
My only issue with Marcus Smart is he just can't shoot and had so many inexplicably poor games. But love his NBA strength &amp; coaches love him
I know only what I've read about Exum. But if he's as tough-minded as his countryman Patti Mills 
Aaron Gordon is another solid but not sensational pick. Plays crazy hard. Can't shoot, but can learn. Has a little BlakeGriffin in him.
GREAT PICK by Sixers. Steal of draft. From what I'm told, stress fractures were freak injuries. Bones not brittle.
Sixers got burned by Bynum. No doubt leery of Embiid's stress fractures in back/foot. Still should plunge on him.
Bucks got a solid NBA player in Jabari. Always plays hard. Knows how to play and score. Can shoot it with range. Must learn to defend.
We had Andrew Wiggins on First Take. Seems like a good kid raised right way by good parents. Just wonder about his overall game.
For years to come, Cavs will regret not taking Joel Embiid, precisely the dominant center they needed.
If Cavs took Wiggins to keep him, they just took the 3rd or 4th best player in this draft. You don't take a good 6-8 defender No. 1.
Underrated: Cleanthony. Take him fairly Early.
I'd take Jabari over Wiggins - just a better BASKETBALL PLAYER. But I'd still take Embiid over either of them.
From what I'm hearing, despite the stress fracture in his back then foot, Embiid's body still worth the long-term risk at No. 1 overall.
Amazing achievement by Team USA surviving "group of death" after losing Altidore in opener vs Ghana &amp; Dempsey limited w/ broken nose.
Tonight is 1 more reason Vanderbilt is America's best college experience. Great academics, beautiful campus, national title in baseball.
Thank you, John Norwood, for going Anchor Downtown - Vandy's lone CWS homer, in 8th, beats UVa 3-2.
My school, VANDERBILT, wins 1st ever men's title in any sport. Baseball NATIONAL CHAMPS. By far SEC's smallest school stands tallest.
Glad Mike Papi wasn't suspended for tomorrow nite's national title game after cheap shot. Want UVa at its best, and he is their best.
Tomorrow night THE NIGHT for Vandy's baseball team to win school's first ever men's national title. Waddell too crafty in G2. NOW, Dores.
My Vanderbilt Commodores hold on, take Game 1 of best-of-3 College World Series final. Incredible: 1 game from national title. #AnchorDown
It's just hard for me to believe Melo will choose to play defense - or offense - for Tom Thibodeau.
No surprise: Tim Duncan, true greatness, will play next season. Do not be surprised if the Spurs are back in the Finals again. #Spursin6.
Congratulations to my alma mater, Vanderbilt, for making the College World Series finals vs UVa. Go, Dores, go. #AnchorDown
We're on vacation for a couple weeks. Thank you all for a great NFL/NBA run. #Spursin6 NEXT YEAR.
In the 15 years Dan Snyder has owned that team, it's 2-4 in playoffs. Jerry Jones isn't much worse in that span: 1-5.
I believe LeBron will string us all along for a while, playing the field. He will seriously consider Houston but stay in Miami.
Powerful message from Pat Riley: Don't run, Big 3. Have some guts. Come back and fight back to the top. That's what Spurs just did.
Do the right thing, Dan Snyder.
I don't love it that Embiid hurt his foot coming off a back injury, but I'd still take him No. 1. BY FAR the most potential in this draft.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/H6TkTdfSpp
Where do LeBron, Melo end up? Will Snyder ever change that nickname? More controversy for KD? Pop greatest coach EVER? 10E, ESPN2
Romo says next 3-4 yrs will be his best. Sure, HE will be fantasy football superstar. But I'll be surprised if he wins a single playoff game
I will not be surprised if the Rockets land either LeBron or Carmelo, though more likely Melo.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/8YMqG93kHC
LeBron to Rockets??? Romo says next 3 yrs will be his best? Manziel at it again? Stephen A and I debate 10-1130 E, EsPN2
Funny how after Game 2, most ppl thought the Heat were in control of the series. Now they should be dismantled?
Tim Duncan obviously has had a little better career than Kobe. HE has been the driving force/leader of 5 title teams. Kobe had Shaq for 3.
Weird being back in the cold, silent studio today. Miss the fans in San Antonio and Miami. Great road crowds. Thank you all.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/5IU6vXOs11
10E. Back in Bristol! Stephen A and I debate LeBron's "decision," KD's shot at Kawhi, US&gt;Ghana, TDuncan vs Kobe, Gwynn's legacy. JOIN US
LeBron wasn't there when team really needed him: Late in Game 1, 2nd/3rd/4th q of G3, first half of G4, 2nd/3rd q of G5.
Again and again we see that as gifted as LeBron is, he lacks one trait the all-time greats always have: killer will.
How many nonSpurs fans said all year long that this boring old team was too slow and unathletic to get very far?
Sounds like Tim Duncan and Manu will play next yr. If Spurs re-sign PattyMills and BorisDiaw (likely) and stay healthy, I say REPEAT.
Thanks to the MANY Spurs fans who turned out at San Antonio's Hard Rock today. Wish I could've stayed for pics but had to catch flight back.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/EK7FZPhqZ1
10E we debate LeBron's legacy and future from the Hard Rock on the River Walk - 9 am in San Antonio. #Spursin5
#Spursin5! See you tomorrow at the Hard Rock on the River Walk. No way I can get to sleep tonight.
Now we get to hear about how LeBron has to leave to find more help. This time DWade or MikeMiller or Battier or Chalmers couldn't save him.
LeBron James is 2-3 in Finals. Dallas meltdown. Saved by Ray in Game 6. Faded in Games 3/4/5 this year. Not exactly Jordanesque.
FORGIVE ME, BUT I AM SO HAPPY FOR THE SAN ANTONIO SPURS. TEAM BASKETBALL AND GUTS DESTROYED MENTALLY WEAK TALENT.
Tim Duncan, GREATNESS.
Congrats, Kawhi, You deserve MVP - but wish Tim Duncan could share it with you.
Thank you, LeBron, for going so weirdly passive in the second and third quarters when your team needed you most.
I see no reason this team can't win it all again next year.
I've never seen a team, from Day 1 of camp, say they were going to avenge the title they gave away the previous year AND GO DO IT.
The Spurs crushed the Heat all four wins and SHOULD HAVE WON GAME 2.
Ohhhh-uhoh-oh-oh-oh!
It's going to be a First Take PARTY tomorrow 10-11:30 E (9-10:30 San Antonio time) at the Hard Rock on the River Walk! BE THERE!
I was WRONG. I underestimated this team's dominance. #Spursin5!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I cannot express how much fun I'm having watching this. LeBon crying at end of bench? Spurs fans mocking Heat fans w/ that song they sing!
Did LeBron James check out of this game?
I've said several times on air that Patty Mills has become my favorite Spur. He has hit huge shots all season - none bigger than THOSE.
GO SPURS GO.
Tony Parker is so cold he hasn't even come close to making a jump shot.
Manu, almost 37, posterized Bosh, then rubbed it in with a three. That was SO GINOBILI.
LeBron and Co. scored 11 points in the second quarter. So lucky they aren't down 20.
Unreal: TParker can't buy a shot. DGreen: zero points. Diaw 2. Patty 1 lucky 3 out of 4 tries. And Spurs up 7 at half.
MANU!
Heat are so lucky right now that Parker and DGreen are SO COLD. Missing wide-open shot after shot or this would be very different.
Storm, weathered, without TParker, DGreen or Diaw scoring a single point. Down only 7 despite predictable do-or-die Heat effort.
Series of awful calls against the Spurs. Starting to make me wonder.
I must admit, as much as I love DWade, his face has been looking a little puffy. Not able to stay in peak shape b/c of knee?
Thanks to the non-bandwagon Heat fans who had guts to show at the Clevelander for today's show. No one left early.
No way am I falling into trap of declaring this series over. Too much respect for Heat, and Spurs usually a little better on road than home.
Despite 3rd-quarter burst, LeBron had worst plus-minus (-21) of either team last night. Manu had the best.
More Drama King: Was LeBron building in excuses w/ 2 melodramatic trips to locker room (for bathroom and ankle re-taping)?
Thank you, LeBron, for being so passive on offense in 1st half last night and allowing Spurs to take commanding lead.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/R0mrYcBh9A
We're on ESPNEWS 10-1130 E today. See you there.
GO, SPURS, GO!!!
Watch LeBron get a pass b/c of pre game "stomach disorder" and the ankle he had to get re-taped. He had the game's worst plus-minus: -21.
We're back at the Clevelander on South Beach tomorrow, 10-11:30 E, then heading back to San Antonio.
Today Stephen A, the "mayor of South Beach," declared this series would be OVER if Heat lose Game 4. What will he tell his ppl at 10am E?
I'll stick with my yearlong #Spursin6. But obviously I now wouldn't mind seeing this end in five.
I thought the biggest will-busting shots of the night were made by  PATTY MILLS.
The San Antonio Spurs just picked to pieces the two-two champs in their arena by playing old-school, figure-eight-weave BASKETBALL.
The last four times Kawhi has played at LeBron's House, he has treated it like it's HIS house.
The Spurs, taking foot off gas, are getting dangerously close to letting Miami make a big bad run.
In the biggest surprise of the night, the Spurs won the 3rd quarter 25-21 even though LeBron got hot.
Heat are lucky a 19-point halftime deficit isn't worse. But I have no doubt they will make another big 3rd-quarter run.
Not a bad start for the 5 1/2-point underdog given NO CHANCE to win this game in that arena.
That was an and-one for Kawhi. What a terrible call. Makeup call?
#Spursin6
Does LeBron get a pass? If you missed my deeper view: http://t.co/ZXdVaBNiBT
Here's a deeper look at how I view LeBron: http://t.co/cu4SmlpznY
Today's podcast: http://t.co/UZCFDCfT2R
We are back at the Clevelander today on South Beach 10-11 E on ESPNews. Fifty Cent. Trey Songz. Anthony Anderson. Go, Spurs, go.
The feeling I get tonight in Miami is the Heat will get mad, get refocused, win G4 easily. NOBODY I've talked to gives the Spurs a chance.
#Spursin6
San Antonio: First Take returns to the Hard Rock on Monday. Prepare to "welcome" back the self-proclaimed mayor of South Beach, Stephen A.
Thanks to Lil Wayne for being on today's show - his 7th or 8th appearance on First Take. Always deep and sometimes very funny.
Thanks to the many Heat fans who turned out after the loss for today's 1st Take at the Clevelander. See you tomorrow and Friday.
We are live at the Clevelander on South Beach 10-12 E ESPN2. JOIN US as we debate if Le Bron deserves any blame.
GO, SPURS, GO.
Spurs fans packed the River Walk for our show after the G2 home loss. Will Heat fans show up at the Clevelander for tomorrow's 10-12 show?
Stephen A. Smith might have just been impeached as mayor of South Beach.
Biggest shot of the night for the Spurs: Belinelli's only 3, when Miami had cut it to 7 late in the 3rd quarter.
Welcome back to the Finals, Kawhi Leonard - back to your home-away-from-home, in Miami.
Where was the King tonight? 7 turnovers? Passive on offense? Another one of his weird games.
#Spursin6
You know it's your night when Aron Baynes comes off the bench and bombs a corner 3.
If the Spurs are going to win this game, they have to quit playing not to lose. ATTACK.
Before the game, I'd surely have taken an 11-point lead after 3 quarters. But Miami has all the mo. This is going to get crazy.
Ginobili cold. Big trouble.
Long, long way to go.
Tony Parker again is starting to dribble-dribble-dribble the life out of the Spurs attack. Just drives me nuts. KEEP MOVING THE BALL.
That's why the final six "stuck in mud" minutes of G2 were so hard to watch for Spurs fans. They just scored 41 points IN A QUARTER.
Derek Fisher will prove to be a much better NBA head coach than Steve Kerr.
No matter what happens tonight, it will still be #Spursin6.
Here's First Take's "Welcome to Miami" remix: http://t.co/RjVtlenij2
If you missed it, here's the Beats "impersonators" spot that Stephen A and I did:  http://t.co/vN5XvkDlpe
Thanks to all the Heat fans who turned out for today's show at the Clevelander. Love you all even if you don't love my Spurs.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/12VbmK6Z5z
Stephan A and I debate last night live from San Antonio 10-12 E (9-11 on River Walk). Did Spurs blow it or LeBron and Co. Win it?
First Take is back at the Hard Rock on the River Walk tomorrow. Live 10-12 Eastern ESPN2 (9-11 in San Antonio). See you then.
Missing those four straight free throws took the life out of the Spurs -- four so short by Parker and Duncan they never had a chance.
As Pop just said: "You move (the ball) or you die." Tonight, they died late.
#Spursin6
Do I think the Spurs can win a game in Miami? You'd better believe it. Nearly won 3 last year, including 6 and 7.
Congrats to Chris Bosh for making THE shot. But Spurs opened door by playing what Pop calls "stuck in mud" offense - 6 late empty trips.
MOVE THE BALL, TONY PARKER.
Please don't tell me the Spurs are going to give this away at the free throw line.
To me that's not a flagrant foul.
The Spurs just put up 35 in a quarter on a very good Heat D. But thanks mostly to LeBron, the Heat scored 34.
What a sensational quarter of Spurs/Heat basketball. Now, it's just a matter of will -- who wants this most.
LeBron is cramping the Spurs' style right now.
Uh-oh. LeBron suddenly finds one of his rare hot streaks. Hope he uses 'em up before 4th quarter.
Kawhi Leonard has to quit hesitating and just go up and shoot it like the rising star he is. Nearly every time he shoots with conviction 
Outrageous missed foul call Lewis on Kawhi!
LeBron raked Duncan's hand. How is that a bad call?
TERRIBLE CALL ON DANNY GREEN. Now I'm starting to think refs are going to decide this game.
Heat simply out-fought Spurs on both ends in 2nd quarter. Obviously must change or this series will be 1-1.
Don't remember LeBron taking single jumper outside paint. Did all his damage in close. This is when he's at his best.
What a terrible call on Manu as DWade flopped.
Heat fortunate to be down only 7, thanks to 2 late Manu unforced errors. Oh, well, he gives you more great than crazy.
Go, Spurs, go.
Incredible that Heat Big 3 12-0 after losing playoff games. Can they get to 13 in San Antonio? Spurs WILL NOT play as poorly as did in G1.
Most commentators think LeBron will show the world, go for 40 tonight. Maybe so. Tried taking pressure off self by saying "easiest target."
Still weird LeBron James can't figure out how to avoid cramps after having them before in playoffs/Finals. Puts too much pressure on self?
Nobody doubted LeBron had cramps. He was just such a Drama "King" about it. Distracted teammates. All about HIM. Again, shaky intangibles.
Congrats to my Vanderbilt Commodores - going back to the College World Series.
CalChrome owner looks bad blasting winner who didn't run Derby/Preakness. That's why TripleCrown such great feat! Very sour grapes.
#Spursin6
For those playing the "what if" game over what if LeBron had played  what if Spurs hadn't turned it over shocking 23 times?
If LeBron had been able to finish that game, the Spurs would've won by 8 or 10 instead of by 15.
Incredible all the focus on LeBron when in his giant shadow Manu, TDuncan, TParker and DGreen did some pretty great things.
Now SPURS should feel slighted that everyone is saying Heat would've won if LeBron hadn't cramped. Listening, guys?
17 other players played last night w/o cramping - many scoffed at how hot it was in arena. But "greatest, fittest" athlete cramped???
LeBron now sounds like asking for sympathy by saying he's "easiest target in sports." Ever remember MJ, Magic, Bird cramping in big game?
Today's podcast: http://t.co/qMwwiOQyTR
Did heat cost Heat the game? 10-12 E ESPN2.  Live at 10 Central at San Antonio Hard Rock.
#Spursin6
Stephen A. Smith is making A for Absurd points right now on SportsCenter, defending LeBron.
There is NO WAY the Spurs play this poorly in Sunday night's Game 2 -- I don't care if LeCramp plays all 48 minutes.
LeBron James lives and works in MIAMI, FLORIDA and plays in a notoriously hot arena. Good for Spo making no excuse.
The Spurs just won Game 1 of the Finals while committing 22 turnovers. Thank you, LeBron.
I really, really, really love Danny Green.
I CANNOT WAIT for tomorrow's show, 10-12E, ESPN2, live 9-11 Central at Hard Rock in San Antonio. Go, Spurs, go.
As Tim Duncan said, "We played through it." LeBron couldn't. Let his team down.
I don't want to hear any excuses about LeBron cramping. Both teams played in same heat. Nobody kept LeBron from drinking more water.
I said on today's show the Spurs would win by 15 and they did. #Spursin6
I really, really love Danny Green.
I love Danny Green.
Chris Bosh, like the arena, is sizzling while the Spurs just keep melting.
By far the ugliest quarter of basketball Spurs have played in playoffs. Guess the Heat and the heat are killing them.
This is making me sick.
Right now Danny Green is making me crazy.
Weird about broken air-conditioning in arena. Could emphasize advantage of Spurs depth.
Spurs didn't play all that well (10 turnovers?!) but made 2 more threes than Heat. Lead by 5 despite 0 from Kawhi, DGreen. That will change.
Best players on floor so far: 1) MANU! 2) DWade, who looks explosively healthy.
We're back at River Walk Hard Rock tomorrow 10-12 Eastern (9-11 in San Antonio) on ESPN2. #Spursin6.
I've done many shows in front of outdoor crowds but never have I experienced the noise &amp; electricity we did today in SAntonio. #Spursin6
Today's podcast: http://t.co/mCnJmGnShL
First Take in San Antonio  10-11 E on ESPNews. Back on ESPN2 tomorrow 10-12 from the Hard Rock on the River Walk.
First Take in San Antonio today at the Hard Rock on the River Walk. 10 am Eastern, 9 Central. #Spursin6
Spurs fans: See you tomorrow at the Hard Rock on the River Walk, 9-10 a.m. Central. T-shirts, GeorgeGervin, DavidRobinson, #Spursin6
Spurs don't trash-talk, fight, engage in wars of words with opponents. They care only about winning #Spursin6.
Laughable that LeBron says, "They don't like us." Duncan, Pop love and respect him. They hate only what THEY did in G6, give away NBA title.
We're traveling to San Antonio today, so won't be back on air until tomorrow. Go, Spurs, go.
LeBron says Spurs don't like Heat??? Will Spurs dare him to shoot jumpers? Tom Brady overrated? Cowboys 3-13? 10am E, ESPN2
Today's podcast: http://t.co/UkSlgVR9yy
Does anyone realize how Ray Allen's 3 to force G6 overtime saved LeBron's legacy? Without it, LeBron would've been goat of 2 Finals losses.
If you told me Tony Parker couldn't play in the Finals, I'd still pick Spurs in 6.
Biggest difference in this year's Spurs: Manu is healthy and playing with 20-something confidence.
Westbrook consistently outplayed KD in playoffs. But hard to win a title w/o a true PG to eliminate some of the my-turn/your-turn.
In 6 games vs OKC, Spurs made 519 more passes in the half court than Thunder. Just about says it all.
Heat were 22-19 on road. Spurs were 30-11 on road. Spurs in 6 in Miami.
Spurs just battled thru deepest, toughest West playoffs I can remember. Heat just cakewalked thru easiest East ever.
I'm not the biggest Larry Bird fan, but would he have ever come undone way LeBron did in 2011 Finals, late in G6 last yr, in G5 vs Indy? NO.
San Antonio: You unofficial mayor returns Thursday. I will be there w/ Cari. Not sure about Heat-loving Stephen A.
Obviously, I'm going Spurs in 6. The hard part is over: getting past the bad matchup that was OKC. Now, time to avenge G6 in Miami last yr.
Sorry, we're on ESPNews for just a few minutes, then on ESPN2.
Stephen A and I about to make Finals picks and debate if KD/Westbrook can ever win a title together and what LeBron has proven. 10E, ESPN2.
So much for the young "superior athletes" beating the "old, slow, boring, unathletic" Spurs.
Durant got Westbrooked in overtime.
Key to tonight's stunning win: 15 San Antonio steals (4 each by Manu, DGreen) and 7 turnovers each by KD and Westbrook.
Spurs in 6 in Miami. They're a little better than they were last year, and they're on a year-long mission to avenge Game 6.
As I said ALL SEASON LONG: Spurs in 6. Spurs in 6. Spurs in 6. Spurs in 6. Spurs in 6. Spurs in 6. Spurs in 6 
I've said this all season: As much as I mostly love Tony Parker, the Spurs can be more explosive offensively and stronger on D w/o him.
What a gutty, mentally-tough, all-for-one victory by the San Antonio Spurs - their first in the last 10 games in OKC.
Tim Duncan: GREATNESS.
Hate to say it, because he did so many great things, but if Manu hadn't missed that second free throw 
GOAL TEND! ROBBED! REFS INTIMIDATED BY CROWD!
How was that NOT A FOUL BY DURANT on Duncan? Come on, refs, don't be intimidated by that crowd.
Please, not a Ginobili injury.
The San Antonio Spurs have incredible quality, proven, trusted depth.
Better news from TNT on TParker: Didn't hurt the ankle tonight. Lingering injury. Should be good enough to go if G7.
Now, key is Patty Mills.
Awful news for Game 7: Tony Parker, bad ankle.
Remember: The same Spurs who are now in danger of losing a 10th straight at OKC had NBA's best road record by 5 games.
What a lousy half of basketball by the Spurs. OKC didn't play much better but poor Spurs D allowed late run. Game teetering.
Tony Parker is back in his indecisive dribble-dribble-dribble mode. Hard to watch. Impossible to win at OKC that way.
Go, Spurs, go.
If Larry Bird had been able to turn back the clock and PLAY for the Pacers, the Heat wouldn't have been celebrating last night.
Stephen A now says last night cemented LeBron as greatest small forward ever. That's a joke and an insult to Larry Bird.
Vogel says Indy playing against "the Michael Jordan of our era." If so, this era pales in comparison to Michael Jordan's.
The Dallas Mavericks would've gotten to the East finals this year and taken the Heat to 7 games, maybe even won the East.
Can't believe how much the Heat are celebrating. That had to be the easiest path to the Finals any team has ever had.
Dennis Rodman used same kind of "unsportsmanlike" tactics Lance S keeps trying on the Heat. But Rodman played w/ Isiah, DRobinson, MJ.
Spurs in 6. In the Finals. Back in Miami.
Paul George: fraudulent star.
Don't like it that Larry Bird, one of NBA's all-time trash talkers, told Lance S to cut out the LeBron-bothering antics. Indy needs 'em.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/jK4Mf5XeUg
HOW SHOCKED WAS I SPURS BLEW OUT OKC? DOES LEBRON DESERVE ANY PASS FOR HIS GAME 5? CLIPS SALE??? STEPHEN A AND I DEBATE 10 E, ESPN2.
CAN'T WAIT FOR TOMORROW, 10AM EASTERN TIME, ESPN2, DEBATING LEBRON, WHO WINS OKC-SPURS.
FINALLY: 2012 is history.
Matt Bonner started and had 0 pts and 0 rebounds in 17 mins. But maybe sent a message: TIME TO PLAY DESPERATE.
Tonight was all about two aging all-time greats wanting it more than young Thunder stars. Duncan: 22 &amp; 12. Manu: 19 &amp; 6 assists.
HUGE: The San Antonio Spurs finally beat Serge Ibaka's Thunder for the first time this year in seven tries. Psychological breakthrough.
Finally, the Spurs played some defense in 2nd quarter, holding OKC to 23 including Westbrook's late bomb.
Lineup I wanted to see before he game - adding Manu, Diaw to TD, TP, Kawhi - was the one that made sensational 2nd quarter run.
Beautiful: First Spurs possession: Duncan air ball.
Pop is starting MATT BONNER??? Is he giving up?
If you missed my column on tonite's Game 5: http://t.co/TPcSAiBfmy
Come on, LeBron, have the guts to go make those two free throws to force overtime!
Still can't believe LeBron passed. Hibbert wasn't stationary, MOVING INTO HIM. Would've been foul at worst. LeBron 6-9, 260! "Best in world"
Here's hoping coach Pop shakes it up tonite by starting 1) DIaw for Splitter, maybe even 2) Manu for DGreen.
Why Ibaka underrated, KD/RW overrated: http://t.co/TPcSAiBfmy
Sorry, no First Take tomorrow. See you Friday, after OKC-SA Game 5.
I liked Lance's crazy gamesmanship trying to get under LeBron's skin and in his head. Some of it worked.
Pacers earned the hard-fought right to get closed out in Miami in six.
Finally, in the ninth try, a conference finals game with a terrific finish.
Finally, Paul George was PAUL GEORGE when his team needed him most.
LeBron HAS TO take that ball all way to the basket and either make the shot or get fouled. No pass. Still afraid to shoot those FTs for OT.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/QczJZHGzjj
So how much faith do I have left in the Spurs? Who's OKC's most important player? Sterling have any case? Cuban's response? We debate 10E.
The Man in OKC is Westbrook, not Durant.
I can't read much positive into Spurs backups cutting a 27-point lead to the final margin of 13. OKC just took foot off gas.
Never thought I'd see THIS: Cory Joseph just POSTERIZED Ibaka and glared at Westbrook.
The Miami Heat have to be loving this. They know they can beat the Thunder.
Hate to admit this, but I must be honest: This game is already over. The Spurs are overmatched and they are in trouble in this series.
Nice start, nightmarish rest of quarter. Frantic turnovers, forced shots, crushed on boards. More of same from Game 3.
Against the odds, I'm going Spurs tonight. Mental toughness. Mission. Manu. Mills.
Larry Bird took a bunch of nobodies from INDIANA STATE to the NCAA finals vs Magic/Kelser. LeBron needed the great DWade to help him win.
LeBron isn't even close to Larry Bird in mental toughness/leadership. No way Bird melts down as LeBron did in finals or late in G6 last yr.
Larry Bird remains better than LeBron at small forward. Much better shooter. Better rebounder, Equal passer. Underrated D (31st steals).
Today's podcast: http://t.co/gebjRzUsU0
Mark Jackson says LeBron greatest small forward ever? Not better than Bird. Why I'm picking Spurs tonight. 10E, ESPN2
Heat are just toying with the Pacers now. This series ends in five games.
Anyone remember when these NBA playoffs were being hailed as "greatest ever"? 7 conf finals games so far, none close.
DWade, NBA's greatest leader. Cheers up Bosh w/ surprise party to help him out of 3-game slump. Tonite: 17 in 1st half w/ 3 threes.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/DkByAwxOJR
God bless all those who have given or are risking their lives to protect our country.
Tonight: Miami 90, Indiana 82.
I expected the Thunder to win last night but did not expect the Spurs to get blown out. Now, crucial they prove they can compete vs Ibaka.
Sorry the tennis delayed our show airing on ESPN2 today. I wasn't aware of it until after 10am.
NO HOLIDAY FOR STEPHEN A AND ME. Join us at 10am E, ESPN2 to debate if Ibaka has turned series around, TI vs Floyd, Manziel in Vegas.
The Thunder are the NBA's best home front-runners.
Get ready for two days of overblown talk about how the Thunder came from 2-0 down two years ago to win four straight.
That's it. Thunder win Game 3. The bad call on Patty Mills' 3 was the back breaker. Should've counted.
Right now the Thunder just WANT this game far more than San Antonio does. Rebounds, loose balls, attacking. Predictably desperate.
Tony Parker is having one of his completely-out-of-it nights. Second half, I'd rather see Manu and Patty Mills.
Only reason the Spurs are still alive after OKC'S 57-point onslaught: a Hall of Fame half by MANU  20 points in ONLY FOURTEEN MINUTES.
With three straight turnovers, Tony Parker just put the Spurs in a road hole vs a desperate team that will be tough to climb out of.
What a sensational first quarter of Game 3 Western Conference finals basketball.
Serge He's-Back-A makes his first 4 shots  yet somehow it's only 15-14.
REMINDER: Stephen A and I WILL BE ON tomorrow 10-12 E, ESPN2 to debate Thunder-Spurs G3 and LStephenson's "weakness" comment about LeBron.
The Heat are a lot better than Indiana offensively and a little better defensively. They should win this in five.
Hope Ray Allen makes 100 threes in the East finals and uses them all up by the time the Heat play the Spurs.
In that third quarter, Roy Hibbert played like he was 5 feet tall.
Heat are still having a hard time taking the Pacers seriously enough. Can't blame 'em.
That turned out to be a lousy half of basketball by both teams. Pacers 12 turnovers, Heat 11 (LeBron 4 plus an air ball).
As down as I am on Romo, he has 31 TDs to 10 INTs 2 of last 3 years. Top 5 in TDs and yds passing since 2012. For now, better than Luck.
I like Miami to win a close G3 at home but every time I've written off the Pacers this postseason they win a crucial road game. 5-1 on road.
The most interesting thing about watching the Pacers is watching Larry Bird watch his Pacers.
I remain more concerned for the Spurs against OKC than Miami. Spurs in 6 (in Miami).
With or without Ibaka, OKC wins G3. 2-point faves. 2 of NBA's top 5 players. NBA's loudest crowd. BUT I BADLY HOPE I'M WRONG ABOUT THIS.
Obviously no surprise here Ibaka will try to play. No surprise to Spurs either. Bring him on. No more excuses. Series starts Sunday nite.
Thanks to Michael Eric Dyson for sharing his brilliance w/ us on today's show. Don't always agree but always deeply respect this man.
Today's podcast featuring Michael Eric Dyson: http://t.co/KtHX0q6j8E
Stephen A responds to his critics on the Mark Cuban issue. Michael Eric Dyson joins us to discuss it. RichardSherman vs PPeterson. 10E ESPN2
Don't get the premature coronation of Andrew Luck. 2nd in NFL turnovers as rookie. 7 INTs in 2 playoff games last yr. That's all-time great?
I rank Romo 13th. Above him: Brady, Peyton, Brees, ARodg, Ben, Eli, Rivers, MRyan, RWilson, Kaep, Cam, RG3. Below: Luck, Cutler, Flacco.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/hlM4hZy0Zh
I'm told KC would've taken Manziel w/ next pick. Wish he hadn't texted Browns QB coach. He'd have been much better off w/ Andy Reid.
Here's hoping Mark Cuban was NOT trying to say that maybe we all should give Donald Sterling a little break.
Thunder fans will tell you many nights Ibaka disappears. So how did 2 of NBA's top 5 players - KD! RW! - lose G1 &amp; 2 by combined 52 pts?
Think about this: KD led the league in FT attempts by 131. Last nite he shot 5 in 1st q and 0 after that! Westbrook: 0 for the GAME!
Am I counting on DannyGreen to make 7 threes and OKC to go 2-20 from three in G3? No way. Do I think KD's team will shoot only 10 FTs? NO!
Do I think the Spurs will win this series? Absolutely! Do I think it's OVER? Absolutely not. Just hoping they can steal one game in OKC.
Stephen A says Thunder are DONE. I disagree. We also debate Mark Cuban's controversial comments, and Romo, Manziel and Suh. 10E, ESPN2
Spurs in 6 (in Miami).
Two down, six to go. The Spurs are coming for you, Miami.
AGAIN: I WILL NOT BE SURPRISED IF IBAKA MAKES A WILLIS REED-LIKE APPEARANCE TO INSPIRE OKC IN GAME 3 SUNDAY NIGHT.
Reggie Miller is right to bring up what happened 2 yrs ago after SA went up 2-0. But 1st 2 WERE NOT BLOWOUTS and Ibaka went 11-11 in G4.
The same Spurs who trailed by 2 after the 1st quarters have won the 2nd and 3rd quarters 67-36. Didn't see THAT coming.
This is where the Thunder made their run in Game 1. This is where Tony Parker must stay in ATTACK MODE. No stationary dribble-dribble.
Thank you, Danny Green.
Spurs had 'em on ropes, took foot off gas, went cold. OKC getting all the calls, now playing harder. Trouble.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/bKNw5UGXd3
Can DWade keep this up? LeBron back to Cavs? Should Irsay be suspended? OKC wins G2? Stephen A, RyanClark and I debate. 10E, ESPN2
Spurs in 6 (in Miami).
Too much LeBron and DWade. Too little David West and Paul George. Heat back in control of series.
As I always say, the Heat will go as far as DWade carries them. 13 big first-half, series-turning points while LeBron concentrated on D.
That looked more like the real Heat and the real Pacers.
Embiid can be a bigger Dwight Howard w/ offensive skill and "mean streak." Can be even better than Ibaka.
Cavs should take Embiid. If his back is OK - I assume it is - he'll be most dominant player in this draft.
I still will not be surprised if Serge Ibaka attempts to play in Sunday night's Game 3 back in OKC.
I still fully expect Westbrook/Durant/ReggieJ to make this a 7-game series. Spurs just can't guard 'em.
I've heard how valuable Ibaka is so often last day or 2, I wonder if maybe HE should've won MVP.
LeBron/DWade win w/o shotblocking center. So did MJ/Pippen. So why do KD/RW miss Ibaka so much? Those 2 don't play great D.
I'm going with Miami tonite, 93-90. Yet I haven't heard ANYONE pick Indiana, which can be a bad sign for Miami. Game 1 all over.
Sorry I'm late with today's podcast: http://t.co/hlM4hZy0Zh
10am E ESPN2: Why the Thunder blew it. Why Miami is playing dangerous game. Why Jerry Jones looks more pathetic. Stephen A and I debate.
Spurs in 6 (in Miami).
Obviously OKC missed Ibaka's rim protection. But even w/ him, OKC gave up way too many points vs Clippers. Tonight: 122!
Biggest second-half difference-maker for the Spurs: MANUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU.
Correction: One down, seven to go.
One down, three to go.
Spurs just coasted home and gave OKC dangerous new life at end of half. Now: Shootout at the AT&amp;T Corral.
Would Phil Jackson please just go ahead and hire Derek Fisher at halftime so he would quit killing the Spurs.
Without Ibaka, Tim Duncan just scored his number in the first half (21) and the Spurs scored 67 - which they'll need to repeat in the 2nd.
George Karl said on today's show Miami now in for long series b/c issues (size, on-ball D) aren't quick fixes. I still think Heat just fine.
Reggie Jackson scored 27, 23 and 21 vs Spurs this yr - just kills 'em. He saved OKC season at Memphis. He'll extend it vs Spurs.
With 4 days between G2 and 3, do not be surprised if Ibaka makes a Willis Reed-like entrance and plays next Sunday night.
It will take seven games for the Spurs to overcome and outscore OKC. Even w/o Ibaka, Spurs have trouble stopping RW, KD and esp ReggieJ.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/T3666Jkn8f
Heat in any trouble? Will Stephen A still pick OKC? Just how valuable is Kevin Love? LeSean, Andrew Wiggins join us. 10E, ESPN2
This will end up being a good loss for the Heat.
LeBron, Bosh both 0-4 from three. PaulGeorge, GeorgeHill both 3-6. 18-point difference.
Heat lost too much respect for Pacers during their collapse and up/down playoffs.
Heat aren't really INTO this game. Yet.
Loved Johnny's text to his guy Loggains: "Let's wreck this league together." Johnny Football sure wrecked the SEC his first year.
The Shanahans were never quite on board w/ taking my guy RG3. Now, from what I've heard, Kyle wasn't sold on Manziel. Could be trouble.
For Manziel's sake, I sure wish his guy Dowell Loggains was Cleveland's coordinator instead of Kyle Shanahan. Loggains is just QB coach.
If you missed my deeper look at Manziel's issues on/off field: http://t.co/mie4xSZUKP
If the Spurs get past OKC, they WILL AVENGE LAST YEAR'S FINALS AND BEAT THE HEAT IN 6.
Part of me hopes Ibaka CAN play because I don't want any excuses. I want the Spurs to beat OKC at its best.
For the record, Ibaka has done at least as much damage to the Spurs as Westbrook/Durant have. Intimidates TD and TP and shoots lights out.
I will believe Serge Ibaka is out, maybe for the rest of the playoffs, when I see it.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/ACPWdpIT4P
Pacers, who lost NBA-low 6 games at home, lost 4 so far hat home n playoffs. Miami in 5.
Would everyone please accept that CP3 is no more than a very good player? No SUPERstar. In 9 yrs hasn't even knocked on title door.
My fears about Manziel in Cleveland: http://t.co/g5t2rSVlc1
Stephen A from LA today to debate CP3 legacy, OKC w/o Ibaka, Sterling threat, Sam on Oprah, Manziel's text. 10am E, ESPN2
Come on, Chris Paul, be a SUPERstar.
Westbrook 0-4 in 1st half. No way that continues. I fear Clips in trouble. Westbrook will be the difference.
The Pacers and Wizards keep taking turns embarrassing each other. Winner gets embarrassed by the Heat.
I believe Melo would lean toward staying if Mark Jackson was coach. But Phil wants a disciple who'll teach the triangle. Not Mark Jackson.
Chris Paul has ENORMOUS pressure on him tonight to make up for all-time meltdown in final 13 seconds of G5.
I'm rooting for the Clippers b/c they'd be slightly easier matchup for Spurs. But my head says OKC ends it tonight.
In the final five minutes last night, the Heat looked just as good as they were last year.
Thank you, Isiah Thomas, for making so many powerful points on today's show. Please come back soon.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/83UPBi5i48
Isiah Thomas joins Stephen A and me to debate Steve Kerr, Phil's next move, Clips-OKC, CP Zero, Tony Parker, Heat 3-peat. 10E, ESPN2.
On our All-Star Weekend show, all our guests picked Portland to win the West. I kept saying, no way, San Antonio. Go, Spurs, go.
I don't care for Shaq's nickname for Kawhi Leonard, but I won't be surprised if Sugar K sticks (like sugar).
Spurs in 6.
In the NBA Finals.
If Tony Parker's hamstring heals.
Now, we wait to see how bad Tony Parker's hamstring is. But tonight, the Spurs actually were more explosive offensively without him.
LeBron won that game with his defense on Joe Johnson in the final five minutes, including the last-second steal.
How was that not a foul on LeBron???
Very surprised Steve Kerr (says TNT) took GSt job over chance to coach for Phil Jackson. Mark Jackson is a tough act to follow.
Donald Sterling, career racist, is also crazy in love with that woman, irrationally jealous of Magic b/c thinks she likes him.
Stephen A, Tim Legler are sure Spurs will win easily tonite. I am not. Portland scares me to death. So many shooters.
Russell Westbrook showed big clutch guts stepping up to FT line and making all 3 w/ :06 left for 1-point lead. Not like he's 90%er.
They should just call off the Eastern Conf playoffs and give the Heat a bye into the NBA Finals.
He is still CP Zero (rings), still has never been out of 2nd round, has only been to 2nd round 3 times in 9 yrs, 24-30 postseason. Not GREAT
The final 13 seconds of last night's game are yet another glaring example of why Chris Paul is not a SUPERstar. THREE big blunders.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/e9duBV0F9S
WE ARE BACK! CP Zero strikes again! But were Clips robbed? Stephen A and I debate Sterling vs Magic and Michael Sam's interview. 10E ESPN2
MVP only 2-9, OKC trails by 6 at home at half after allowing 58. MVP better be better.
I cannot remember a contender that could play as unpredictably, inexplicably awful as the Pacers. Hibbert and Paul George stunk, again.
Stephen A, Cari and I doing an ESPN event today and must miss First Take. Killing me with SO MUCH TO TALK ABOUT. We return tomorrow.
For the first time in four games, Blazers playing harder than Spurs. But for all that desperate effort, up only two at half.
Little late w/ this. Tonight LeBron said, "Watch this, Mr. New MVP." Watch this, Paul Pierce. But THE shot was 3 by Bosh. No surprise.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/xdGpBpBVtj
Wizards just aren't ready for this. No idea how to close playoff games they should win easily. West&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;East.
What a great finish to Mother's Day. Martin Kaymer won the Players for his mom, who died of skin cancer six years ago.
Martin Kaymer just made as great a collapse-halting, tournament-saving, big-breaking guts putt as I've seen (on 17!) and won the Players.
LeBron/Magic want Shelly as well as Donald Sterling OUT. Shelly says she'll fight. Showdown looms. Stephen A and I debate 10am E, ESPN2
No way Scott Brooks deserves any criticism for this collapse. Durant and Westbrook pretty much do what they want. Your turn/my turn.
I'll say it again: The only team that can beat the Thunder is the Thunder.
Shades of Tony Allen: How can MVP Kevin Durant allow 6-foot Chris Paul to guard him down the stretch? Post him! Joke.
Who knew Darren Collison would score 10 in last 4:30 and that Durant would miss a FT and commit awful late turnover (his EIGHTH)? WOW.
YES! My jinx tweets finally worked. Go, Clippers, go. The Spurs thank you.
Clippers made nice run, but too little too late. Don't play enough D and CP3 isn't enough of a SUPERstar to overcome Westbrook/Durant.
No idea if Ibaka's shot on BlakeGriffin was intentional. But the book on him: rough him up early, take fight out of him. Blake 0-5 so far.
This game is over, and so is this series.
Thank you, Tiago Splitter, for making Stephen A. Smith look so wrong about you.
Spurs in 6 (in the Finals).
Tony Parker, Spurs' bench again torch a very good Portland team, go up 3-0. Bench outscores Blazers 40-6. Go, Spurs, go.
Said Nets would win 2 vs Heat. Helps when they return home, make 15 threes, crush Heat on boards 43-27.
Eagles fans are going to love Vanderbilt's Jordan Matthews, who often dominated SEC foes. 2nd-round steal. Proud of you, Jordan.
Still torn about Jerry not taking Johnny. I said before Jerry re-signed Romo: NO! But once he bet the ranch on Romo, cost himself Manziel.
Thunder over Clippers in five, unless CP3 again makes his first eight 3s.
Josh Gordon facing yet another and longer drug suspension is a sad life story for him and a crushing football story for Manziel/Browns fans.
Is Blake Bortles, who isn't quite as big as Blane Gabbert, that much if any better than Gabbart? Doubt it. No. 3 overall???
Seriously, if you're the NY Jets, would you rather have Geno or Johnny? Not even close. Imagine Broadway Johnny.
I have Thunder winning G3 and G4 in LA, as long as Westrbrook keeps playing like the NBA's MVP.
Every team that passed Manziel as they fell into NFL sheep-think will regret it. How is Johnny not a Texan, Jag, Raider, Viking, Titan 
Can't give Browns management much credit for Manziel. Passed him twice, reached for JGilbert at 8, lucked into Manziel at 22.
Johnny Football will one day be bigger in Cleveland than his buddy LeBron ever was.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/XC4ewcPgOX
My take on Johnny Cleveland falling to 22. Jaws and I debate Bortles. Stephen A and I debate Clowney. Josh Gordon joins us! 10e, ESPN2
Spurs in 6.
Spurs shoot lights out, Tiago holds LaMarcus to 6-23, San Antonio takes 2-0 lead to Portland.
Josh Gordon said on First Take he'd take Manziel. Imagine Johnny-to-Josh. Going to be fun being a Browns fan again.
Teddy Bridgewater will frustrate Vikings just the way Ponder did. Good kid, just not accurate enough.
Worst pick so far: Blake Bortles 3 to Jacksonville. That's why they're the Jags.
I'd have taken DDennard over Justin Gilbert, whom Cleveland inexplicably took way up at 8.
I was told by a good source Chip Kelly badly wanted Manziel (who initially signed w/ Kelly at Oregon) but guess my source wasn't that good.
Dee Ford is my biggest draft sleeper, a terrific pick for KC, who strengthens a strength.
Much happier for Johnny getting to work with Kyle Shanahan than being stuck with Bill O'Brien.
Dog Pound will howl for Johnny Football, who will change football life in Cleveland, Ohio.
Third time's the charm: Cleveland FINALLY makes the steal of the draft - ALL-TIME STEAL - landing Manziel on 3rd shot, No. 22.
Two players go top 21 from an Alabama defense that Johnny Manziel shredded twice.
Bruce Arians too old school to take Manziel, traded out of 20.
GREAT pick for the Jets: Calvin Pryor always leaped off my TV screen when I watched Bridgewater. Big-time hitter.
Jerry Jones just took zach martin over JOHNNY MANZIEL. Which means Jerry is more concerned about winning next year, which isn't all bad.
I would LOVE to see this but deep down can't believe Jerry Jones would pull the trigger on Johnny Football w/ so many needs.
Jerry: Johnny?
Kyle Fuller a good "need" pick for Bears. Plays like a Bear.
I love Aaron Donald. Consider him a steal at this point. Rams, rising. Just not sold on QB.
Nets could've used Manziel in the fourth quarter vs Heat, who just went up 2-0.
Maybe, with help from Odell Beckham, Eli won't lead the NFL in interceptions next year for a fourth time.
Now wide open for some team to trade up and steal a franchise-changer, Manziel.
Johnny Football falling closer and closer to Jerry Jones.
Matt Stafford will LOVE Eric Ebron. But pressure rises on Stafford to be great.
This is WAY too high for Anthony Barr. For all his athletic ability, just didn't make enough plays.
I'm now reminded how history tells us about half these picks will be bad ideas.
UNREAL: The Browns pass Manziel TWICE. Good luck with THAT.
There is no way Mike Evans is better than Johnny Manziel. In fact, to a degree, Evans was a PRODUCT of Manziel.
I doubt Tampa takes Manziel.
Jake Matthews was a no-brainer pick for Atlanta. Great bloodlines, athletic ability. Matt Ryan says thank you.
Mack is a very good pick for Oakland. Johnny Football would've been a much better one.
Inspired move by Bills trading up to get Sammy Watkins for EJ. Will make life miserable for Belichick, Rex.
Browns yet another team that will forever regret not taking Manziel.
Jags take Bortles: HUGE MISTAKE. Big kid without a big arm.
I don't want to see Manziel in Jacksonville, but he'd obviously put that sorry franchise back on the national media map.
I am a big Greg Robinson fan, though as an Okla fan, I've never been a big Sam Bradford fan.
Now maybe the Texans can trade for Matt Schaub.
Texans just basically chose Bill O'Brien over Johnny Manziel. Johnny never was O'Brien's kind of QB or guy. OBrien better be great.
Texans just made a nice pick. But they just failed to make THE pick. Love this for Manziel, who will be driven to prove them VERY WRONG.
Surely the Texans will take the "safe" pick: Clowney, who'll be very good won't have near the impact on the franchise QB Manziel would.
Gruden is with me: Texans must take Johnny Football.
The Houston Texans will forever regret it if they do not take Johnny Manziel with the No. 1 overall pick. He will haunt them.
I have never been more excited for an NFL draft.
The East is turning inot a cakewalk for the Heat.
Love to see Manziel wind up with Cowboys but cannot imagine how he could fall to 16.
Why Gruden LOVES Manziel, who is not Tebow: http://t.co/goIjh6MDgd
Today's podcast: http://t.co/XLEtlhdgrE
About to debate if Hibbert can keep this up and if Clips now have any chance vs OKC. McShay has Manziel falling to Dallss at 16!? 10E, ESPN2
Only team that can beat the Thunder is the Thunder.
Russell Westbrook has taken over this game with his furious energy and raging will and outrageous talent.
Sensational opening quarter by KD (7 of 11) and Westbrook (5 of 6) as Clips allow 37.
As all-time great as KD's speech was, still felt oddly like a Hall of Fame acceptance speech. MJ, Kobe wouldn't have done that now.
OKC will win Game 2 thanks mostly to Russell Westbrook, who will outplay CP3 this time.
Kevin Durant has to be a little emotionally drained from last two days. Pressure rises on him to live up to new MVP, lead OKC to crucial win
Who's this Hibbert guy who has 17 1st-half points? Don't remember him. He might need to score 17 more to save Pacers season.
More than a year ago, I told Mel Kiper that Manziel would be the most polarizing player in draft history. Now, I believe Mel agrees.
When Jerry Jones spoke yesterday, he did NOT rule out taking Manziel if he falls. Listen closely. He did NOT.
Best team fit for Manziel: TEXANS. Best coach fit by far: CHIP KELLY. For Johnny's sake, sure hope Eagles pull off trade for him.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/ogBEosKZyQ
Anyone but me wonder why KD gave that great speech NOW? Manziel falling? Heat-Spurs II? Tracy Morgan, Mutombo join us! 10E, ESPN2
AT THIS MOMENT it sure looks like San Antonio vs Miami II. Spurs in 6.
Started liking Aron Baynes last year. Big, country-strong kid with some skill. Just shocked Pop played him at all. 8 and 5?!
Decent start. Long way to go.
Nets' heads still in Toronto. Still think they can win a couple of games in this series.
Funny when ScottBrooks gets criticized. How much coaching does he do? He has 2 of top-5 scorers and let's them take turns shooting.
Going to be tough on Durant tomorrow night to go through pre-game MVP ceremony, then have to live up to that in must-win G2 at home.
I said BEFORE their drafts that Bradford, Gabbert and Ponder were not going to be franchise quarterbacks.
I've been covering NFL drafts since the '70s. This is the most intriguing one EVER because of Clowney and Manziel and so much other talent.
Hibbert: late bloomer, stayed all 4 yrs at GTown, 17th pick, NBA confidence fragile, easily shattered. Deep thinker who thinks too much.
I can better explain Hibbert's disappearance than why Mark Jackson might be fired.
Spurs in 6 over Blazers but DLillard scares me to death. Would've been a great Spur - emotionless, tough, smart. Always kills Spurs.
Chris Paul is now 21-27 in playoff games and just won his 1st 2nd-round game as a Clipper. 9 seasons, never been out of 2nd round.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/UVupEgffBz
How impressed was I was CP3? What the heck is wrong with Hibbert? Mark Jackson out? David Alan Grier joins us. 10-12E, ESPN2.
Maybe tonight is Chris Paul's first big step toward becoming a SUPERstar.
Rare hot streak from 3 for CP3 (6-6!) leads Clips to shocking 69-52 halftime lead.
The Wizards just look better than the Pacers, who struggle to score and just don't play defense with the confident fury they once did.
2-time All-Star Roy Hibbert played 18 mins tonite. 0 points. 0 rebounds. 2 blocks. 5 fouls. Never seen anything like this man's decline.
Again: The Houston Texans will forever regret it if they don't take Johnny Manziel with the No.-1 overall pick.
So Johnny Manziel is a "backyard" QB after he completed 73% of passes from pocket last yr, best in nation among power-conference QBs.
Let me be very clear: The team you saw dominate Dallas in Game 7 WILL WIN THE WEST AND THE NBA TITLE. Spurs in 6.
Heat in 6 over Nets, Wizards in 6 over Pacers. Heat in 5 over Wizards.
Thunder in FIVE over Clippers. CP3 can't deal with Westbrook.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/ZEbRRKbVZz
NOW on ESPN2: Who wins OKC-LAC and WHAT HAPPENED TO MAYWEATHER??? Stephen A and I debate.
Spurs in 6.
I knew the Spurs were going to be OK today when Tony Parker got a tech for trash-talking ex-teammate DeJuan Blair after scoring on him.
It took a Game 7 against a crazy-hot archrival w/ nothing to lose to finally bring out the 1-seed best in the San Antonio Spurs.
Much respect to Dirk, Monta, Vince, Devin, DeJuan, Rick Carlisle. You guys outplayed my Spurs, for six games.
Heat get a tough break: Nets survive on PPierce's block. Now Heat must deal with Nets - and LeBron must deal with PPierce.
Chris Paul played a solid second half and said he told Doc "hell with" him getting any rest from defending Steph.
Steph put up a sensational fight but Warriors just couldn't hold off Blake/DeAndre without Jermaine and Bogut.
Huge clutch free throws by JJRedick.
What a strong gymnastic finish by Blake Griffin. Just might have won game and series, even though missed free throw.
I had Mayweather beating Maidana 115-113. Floyd won seven rounds, lost five. Amazing Floyd's 4th-round cut stayed closed.
FLOYD KNOWS HE COULDN'T BEAT PACQUIAO RIGHT NOW.
Now Floyd's calling for a rematch. Maidana says Floyd didn't fight like a man and says he won. NOW FLOYD CAN DUCK PACQUIAO EVEN LONGER.
Floyd says got cut on accidental head butt and couldn't see for couple rounds. Also admits Maidana had awkward style that made it tough.
One judge calls it a DRAW. Wins other two cards 117-111, 116-112, survives.
I'll give R12 to Floyd, barely. But Maidana took the fight to him till end, and Floyd just might need this round to survive. Close fight.
Maidana attacks late, wins R11, pummeling Floyd against ropes. Even pushes him THROUGH ropes.
Floyd wins R10 with just enough middle-of-ring boxing clinic combos. But continues to take against-ropes beating later in round.
Floyd wins R9, lands couple more good shots. But Maidana still seems strong and hasn't lost any heart.
Floyd beginning to take control but Maidana doesn't seem to be tiring or losing heart. Floyd still vulnerable.
Floyd's best round by far. Took the fight to Maidana, started timing him, picking him apart. Ducked off the ropes.
R6 to Floyd. Lands couple good shots, but still taking too much punishment against ropes.
Very close round but Maidana stole it with late flurry. Floyd not doing much except jabbing and backing off. Inexplicable.
Floyd lost another round backing up to ropes, allowing to Maidana to wail away. Now Floyd cut over eye.
Floyd barely wins R3 by doing some damage in middle of ring, but still hanging against ropes too much.
Again, have to give R2 to Maidana for forcing the action, throwing and landing more punches. What's up, Floyd?
Floyd definitely lost Round 1, but was he rope-adoping Maidana, letting him punch himself out?
Mayweather's entrance (Wayne, Bieber, circus, performers) probably will be much better than this "fight."
It is time for Chris Paul to be Chris Paul.
GSt 9-13 from three. LAC 3-13 from three. Clippers had better flip that script.
I'll be watching the Clippers beat GState and the Mayweather who's afraid to fight Pacquiao.
Obviously this wasn't a fair fight without ZachRandolph. OKC very lucky. Now: OKC vs Clippers Game 1 Monday night.
Paul George, Lance and even Hibbert finally play like themselves as Atl misses THIRTY-TWO threes and Indiana survives.
If you missed my column on Manziel's star power: http://t.co/goIjh6MDgd
Bad sign for my Spurs that they allowed 113 tonight including THIRTY-SEVEN in the fourth. Sunday: scary.
The Mavericks would win the East right now. Heck, the way they're making shots, they're capable of winning the West.
Biggest reason the Spurs now face a home Game 7 vs a hot offensive powerhouse: Manu 0-5 from three.
Spurs' only hope in 2nd half: Manu gets hot. (And Vince Carter doesn't.)
NBA suspended Zach Randolph for GAME 7 for a little push in face??? Conley hobbled. Call it off. OKC by 30.
I won't be surprised if the Dallas Mavericks make EVERY CONTESTED SHOT THEY TAKE THE REST OF THE GAME, the longer and tougher the easier.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/8dPpofIKAz
Tomorrow night had better be Chris Paul's night.
That headline was NOT out of bounds. In 8 of his previous 9 playoff games vs Memphis, Durant HAD been shockingly unreliable. Look it up.
Glory be, KD made 5 of 8 shots IN THE PAINT in his 14-pt 1st q. Attempted 0 threes! Finally remembered he's 6 feet 10 inches tall!
The "Mr. Unreliable" headline was the best thing that could've happened to Durant. Re-lit his and team's fire. Took it out on Griz.
Why Houston MUST take Manziel: http://t.co/goIjh6MDgd
Did that headline impact KD's performance? How much pressure now on CP3? McShay and I debate Manziel. Mayweather distractions!? 10E, ESPN2
More pressure on Atl tonite to close out at home &amp; crumbled under it late. But now pressure shifts onto Pacers. Have lost 2 at home to Atl.
Thunder in 7.
This is what the Thunder should've been doing to Memphis all along.
Kevin Durant: Mr. Reliable.
Tonight is HUGE for Kevin Durant and I believe he will play HUGE and get the series back to OKC for Game 7.
Doc Rivers fell right back in the Donald Sterling trap by showing compassion for his wife, who's more like Donald than Doc knew.
I pushed on today's show for Lakers to hire Kevin Ollie. From LA. Played for 11 NBA teams. Wealth of knowledge. National title at UConn.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/zT8Sm2NBAk
Barkley vs. Magic - whose side you on? Did Doc make big mistake supporting Sterling's wife? Jameis draft stock falling? 10E, ESPN2
There is hope in Lakerland: D'Antoni is gone.
Can't wait to hear Stephen A try to explain tonight's monster game by T-I-A-G-O S-P-L-I-T-T-E-R.
Spurs' 4th-quarter clinic overcame kind of unconscious-hot shooting (Dirk! Vince! Monta!) that would've beaten just about any other team.
Tha Carter.
Vince Carter thinks he's 22 tonight. If he keeps this up  Lord have mercy.
Magic Johnson would make a great owner, but not of the Clippers. Magic is a LAKER. Always was and will be.
Only NBA team that can beat OKC is OKC. OKC has beaten OKC 3 times vs Memphis.
Thunder used KD as decoy last 6 minutes of reg last nite, often calling ReggieJackson's number. Or RW went 1on5. Yes, KD the MVP.
Never have I seen a player who can make so many sensational plays followed by so many out-of-control plays: RUSSELL WESTBROOK.
So if Floyd now suggesting Pacquiao finally off PEDs, that has lost pop in punches, WHY NOT GO AHEAD AND FIGHT HIM? (Still scared.)
Today's podcast: http://t.co/VJJmq7MMuG
Stephen A and I react to Silver and last nite's game, then debate if Joey Crawford cost OKC and KD as 4th q "decoy." 10E, ESPN2.
Thunder in 7. But it might take 3 or 4 more overtimes. These teams play consistently GREAT games.
Westbrook, 31 shots (1-7 from 3), KD, 24 shots.That's just not right.
Joey Crawford's typical hotdog refereeing disrupted Durant's second-free throw concentration and cost OKC a 2nd OT. So unnecessary.
Unreal: Mike Conley has the game and series in his hands and he lets Westbrook slap it away and send it into yet another OT.
Warriors getting run off the floor by unleashed Clippers' emotion from players and fans.
Here's hoping NBA owners aren't quietly hoping to let outrage die in year or 2, then re-instate a profusely apologetic Sterling. No!
Still SHAMEFUL so many in NBA (execs, owners, Clippers players/coaches) didn't take stand against Sterling's racist views/practices long ago
Clippers players should now be able to clear their heads and win a basketball game tonight, and fans should feel good about helping them.
Good for AdamSilver expressing appropriate outrage, using every means possible (lifetime ban, pursuit of ouster) to punish Sterling.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/1kSf5rZx4E
Stephen A live from LA ahead of Clippers' game tonight as we discuss how fans should protest and what NBA should do to Sterling. 10E, ESPN2
How great are the NBA playoffs?
Dallas would win the East right now.
Thank you, Tony Parker. Thank you, Boris Diaw. Thank you, Manu Ginobili. Thank you, DeJuan Blair.
My only hope now is that Dallas puts in Romo.
Please get Tony Parker out of there. He's having one of those nightmare nights.
Spurs missed 4 layups - bunnies! - still lead by 14 at half. Mavs will make a run.
I'm sticking with the Spurs in G4, but they have created an arch-rival monster. This will be an uphill battle.
Incredibly, no one should be surprised by what 8-seed Atl is doing to 1-seed Indy at Indy.
Heat got a much-needed first-round bye, thanks to Al Jefferson's plantar fascia.
Thanks to everyone who watched today's show.
For anyone who missed today's show, highly recommend the podcast: 
http://t.co/Mqu1fmTx6a
It was a privilege to do today's show with my friend Stephen A. Smith.
Stephen A and I are about to talk about ... Donald Sterling. 10E, ESPN2
Don't know if I've ever looked more forward to a show than I am tomorrow's. 10am E, ESPN2. You know what Stephen A and I will talk about.
No way refs would call it, but if you see ground shot from under basket, sure looks like VinceCarter shuffled feet and traveled before big 3
Steph out of mind but hate to see Clips so drained/distracted by what happened. They should pull together, win for themselves, not for him.
Please tell me I just dozed off and dreamed that Vince Carter hit a corner 3 at the buzzer to send the Spurs down 2-1.
All-time great day of NBA playoffs.
Westbrook: 6 for 24, 7 turnovers. Durant: 5 for 21, 5 turnovers. Yet the Thunder still survived the Grindhouse.
Reggie Jackson just saved OKC's season. The straw that stirred the drink tonight.
Kevin Durant joins the Framily Plan. He scores only 3 in 1st half, rest of team scores 39. OKC leads by 7.
OKC will win this game fairly easily.
The Spurs just did everything but win Game 3. Only silver lining for the Men in Black: They know they SHOULD'VE won.
Great game. Great finish by Ginobili. Great series-turning buzzer-beater 3 by Vince Bleepin' Carter.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Key to 2nd half survival for Spurs: Manu must go from cold back to hot.
Extremely bad sign for my Spurs: In the last 3 halves, they've allowed Dallas 56, 57 and now 59 points. Big trouble.
Despite 2 big late FT misses by PGeorge, Pacers survive thanks to 5 ugly Hawks turnovers in 4th quarter. Indy showed some life.
Now we find out what the Pacers (and Hawks) are really made of.
Can't wait to discuss this Clippers' situation Monday with Stephen A.
Bulls aren't done. They're Dun-leavy! 35 points on 8-10 threes!
The best COACH fit for Manziel is Chip Kelly, who originally recruited him to Oregon. Don't let Philly trade up for Manziel or NFC E over.
Jon Gruden LOVES Manziel and would take him No. 1 over Clowney. Listening, Texans?
In three games, Thunder have so fallen in love with 3 they've attempted 74 to Grizzlies' 37, twice as many.
For Game 4, Durant and Westbrook should just show up by themselves and play. Teammates get in their way.
Guess CP3 is a "super"star now. Got a superstar non call after fouling Steph twice, to body, on elbow, forcing an air ball. Changed series.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/0xoG7BSClS
About to debate THAT OUTRAGEOUS NONCALL ON STEPH, how much trouble OKC in and if Pacers are DONE. I debate Gruden on QBs, NFL. 10E, ESPN2.
Big show tomorrow: Stephen A returns to debate tonight's games and Jon Gruden joins us to talk draft and NFL.
I still think OKC wins this series in 6.
Nobody in the NBA is mentally or physically tougher than Tony Allen. Nobody.
Shades of last year: Kevin Durant again comes up so small late vs Memphis he was no more than kd.
I am pleasantly surprised.
Pacers have lived on defensive intensity last 3 years. Quit playing as hard 3 months ago. Quit on coach?
Hawks just look better than Pacers. Biggest difference: Hawks have Teague at PG (22, 10 assts), Pacers stuck w/ GHill (1-10, 4 assts).
Johnny Football would have a much better chance of winning a SBowl for the Cowboys than Romo ever will. And Johnny is bigger box office.
If JManziel somehow fell to 16, I strongly believe JerryJones would take him, then figure out what to do with Romo.
Today's podcast: http://t.co/AbPx7sG4Sf
Ryan Clark in for SAS today debating Rockets done? Flagrant on LeBron? Spurs in trouble? Broncos in trouble? Pressure on Luck? 10E, ESPN2
So disappointed in James Harden.
This 21-point home embarrassment will turn out to be the best thing that could've happened to the San Antonio Spurs.
I predicted the Spurs would lose G2 at home. I did NOT expect them to play as sorry a playoff game as I can ever remember them playing.
McRoberts' foul on LeBron was nothing more than a hard playoff foul.
LeBron made 2 big late FTs, DWade made 2 late great defensive plays on GNeal, then CDR. Heat survive.
Hard to beat a decent team 11th straight time. But Spurs played sorry 1st half, ALLOWED 56 PTS!? Now: Who wants it more?
Congrats to Pop winning coach of year. DESERVED. Starters missed 75 games, Spurs still had NBA's best record by 3, best road record by 5.
I very much hope I'm wrong, but I think the Mavs can get a game in San Antonio, and I think it's tonight.
James Harden CANNOT let the Rockets lose tonight.
The old saying, No rebounds, no rings? Heat dead last again in rebounds, 2-time champs. Got outrebounded by 20+ 3 times this yr, won 2.
PPierce called out team for being soft b/c got outrebounded 52-30. YET MIGHT HAVE WON IF HE'D HIT EITHER 3 HE TOOK LAST 24 SECONDS.
Today's podcast: 
http://t.co/cqPhZTxlO4
Pacers alive? Bulls done? Paul Pierce out of line? Mel Kiper and Ryan Clark join the debate desk today. 10am E, ESPN2
The Truth was false in 4th q. tonite.
I couldn't pick Indy to win tonight. Thought they'd collapsed. Down 52-48 at half, but won 3rd q 31-13! PGeorge taking Teague key.
If Texans pass on Johnny Football, hope Jags take him so he can haunt Houston twice a year for years to come.
Warren Sapp questions Clowney's drive and I agree. I wouldn't take him No. 1 but would want him 2-3-4 with chip on shoulder.
Over last 3 seasons, OKC 14-15 when Russell Westbrook takes 25+ shots. Last night: 28. Missed game-winning 3 but nobody boxed out Perkins.
KD: 28 shots. RW: 28 shots. KD: 4-4 in 4th q. RW: 4-12 in 4th q. That's just wrong.
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/C33nu8NApA
How much trouble OKC in? Did Westbrook shoot too much last nite? Pacers lose again? Bun B on Rockets, Manziel to Texans. 10E, ESPN2
Warriors got their win in LA, took this night off. Little disappointing.
Spurs just got a little break.
Can't wait to debate that instant classic w/ Stephen A tomorrow 10E, ESPN2. Also, Bun B joins us from H-town to talk Rockets, Texans pick.
Wait, OKC isn't invincible at home, even when KD has Westbrook?
Unbelievably gutty win for the Griz. Tony Allen, Zebo, CLee, MMiller -- just pure playoff guts. Great game. Great win. Loved it.
Poor Mike Conley.
Un. Real.
Now Phil Jackson must keep Melo in NY by coaching the Knicks.
Now it's time for CP3 to start putting a SUPER in front of star, to become CP1, as in 1 ring. Still CPzero.
So disappointed in JHarden last night. Dwight, too, but that didn't surprise me.
Great to have @MichaelRapaport at debate desk. Glad to see he's recovered from unspeakable wounds he suffered in final "Justified." Ha.
Today's podcast: 
http://t.co/2GdwNY0ZxT
Rockets blew it? CP3 still not a SUPERstar? Stephen A and I about to debate NBA playoff openers with Michael Rapaport. 10E, ESPN2.
Shaq scorching DHoward on TNT. Shaq is so right. Being guarded by Robin Lopez! DHoward should be so much better.
THE place to hear NBA playoff debate is with Stephen A and me, 10E, ESPN2. Can't wait to hear what he has to say about CP3.
Thanks for huge response to this: http://t.co/y2DTCC66dk 
Spurs in 6.
Heat will go as far as DWade takes them.
Charlotte was in control of that game before Al Jefferson came up limping with plantar fasciitis. Huge break for Heat.
Credit Spurs D for much of this, but Mavs managed just 4 points in final 7:45, 2 of those a garbage layup near buzzer.
Tim Duncan and Tony Parker just showed championship guts coming from 10 down in 4th quarter vs dangerous rival in Game 1.
Beautiful and unexpected message from Pop to Craig Sager. Get well soon, Craig. God bless you.
Hope that's only a knee-to-knee bruise for Duncan or that's big trouble.
Sorry 1st half by Spurs. TParker had 17 but must've dribbled10,000 times. Others just watched. No kick-out 3s. Lost 12-pt lead. Must change.
Again: OKC is going to sweep Memphis. Dallas would've given OKC a much better series. Thunder got lucky.
Incredibly, Atlanta looked like the superior team playing at Indiana. The Pacers have lost their way.
Almost seemed like Klay Thompson's "bull in a china shop" shot at Blake made refs hyper-conscious of him.
I picked Clips to win series in 7 in overtime. Sticking with it.
Blake's foul trouble obi hurt Clips, but Iggy's hurt GS and Steph had off game. DLee played HUGE, was difference.
CP3 played lousy 1st half, but was sensational down stretch  until missed 2 late FTs and turned it over (that was NOT a foul).
SUPERstars do not let their team lose Game 1s at home to 7-point underdogs. CP3 now 18-25 in playoff games. Still has much to prove.
Here's link to my column on why Spurs will beat Dal/Hou/OKC/Mia: http://t.co/y2DTCC66dk
Today's podcast:  http://t.co/ljGVy0nSA1
I have never been more excited about an NBA playoffs.
Spurs in 6 over Mavs, 7 over Harden, 7 over KD/RW, 6 over Heat, avenging the incomprehensible travesty that was last year's Game 6 in Miami.
MelKiper says Clowney a "once in 20 years" player. Agree he's rare. But so is Manziel. HOW CAN HOUSTON RISK PASSING UP THIS TEXAS KID?
How can Stephen A call Chris Paul a SUPERstar when he's been out of 1st rd only twice in 9 yrs and never to conf finals? I need to see more.
Respected maturity of Roy Hibbert for answering my question about calling out teammates for being selfish by saying he shouldn't have.
Please go to http://t.co/CCJZU43jEv under big pic of Tim Duncan, read my column on why Spurs will beat Mavs, Rockets, Thunder and Heat.
Who wins NBA title? Rockets, Thunder, Heat, That Other Team? We talk with JWall and HIBBERT. Mel Kiper joins us to debate. 10am E, ESPN2
Loved "Bad Boys." Stephen A and I will discuss/debate it tomorrow 10-12E. Hibbert, JWall join us. We predict our NBA champs.
OKC now team to beat in West? Heat in trouble in East? Jets overpay for CJ? Vick to start over Geno? Jaws has Mett over Manziel? 10E, ESPN2
Monta Ellis had a good look to send Dallas to OKC but missed. Dallas to Spurs. Thunder get break, get to sweep Memphis.
